<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1008: The Wolf Princess</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1008: The Wolf Princess</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>"Once upon a time, there was a great city with lofty mountains behind and a beautiful plain in front. It was known as the Mountain City and inside of it lived two lovely little princesses."</p>
    <p>"At the age of 14, the elder princess awakened and became a witch. It was not a big deal since the people of the city lived with the witches in peace. Actually, without the witches' help, they could never settle down in this dangerous place. But beyond everyone's expectations, the magic power ruined the princess' appearance instead of increasing her beauty."</p>
    <p>"Her ears atrophied day by day while a pair of furry pointy ears were growing on the top of her head. Her fingers became long and hairy and it was hard to shave them. Gradually, she started to look different from a human being."</p>
    <p>"No one has ever seen such a witch. Even the court mentors could not confirm that this change was caused by awakening."</p>
    <p>"As time went by, the princess' condition got worse and worse. A rumor from an unknown source started to go around the palace. They whispered that the elder princess was cursed."</p>
    <p>"So the great chief wants me to play this elder princess?" Lorgar touched her own face and thought. "Lucky for me... I don't have hairy cheeks."</p>
    <p>She felt sympathetic to the elder princess. Lorgar got her half-animal look after repeated use of her transformation ability and had spent quite a long time to accept this change. The princess in the story, however, began to look like a wolf after her awakening and it was not strange that she would be rejected or abhorred by others.</p>
    <p>"This is too cruel to the princess. Maybe the great chief should make some change here."</p>
    <p>The Wolf Girl maneuvered her body into a more comfortable position and turned to the next page with interest.</p>
    <p>"The princess' little sister did not mind her changes at all, but the wolf princess could clearly feel the increase of the strength in her body. It was so strong that she was afraid that she would not be able to control it well. Since she did not want to hurt her little sister accidentally someday, she deliberately distanced herself from her, and in the end, she even shut herself off in the depths of the palace."</p>
    <p>"Since then, the two princesses who had been so close had lost touch with one another."</p>
    <p>"This separation lasted for four years."</p>
    <p>"When the little princess was 16 years old, something unforeseen took place."</p>
    <p>"An exotic prince came to the Mountain City to propose to the little princess. His convoys formed a long queue of 2,500 meters, and his attendants respectfully called him king of the world. The jewelry he wore shone brighter than the sun, and all the girls in the city were attracted by his handsome appearance."</p>
    <p>"The king was greatly pleased and held a splendid banquet to entertain this distinguished guest."</p>
    <p>"All the nobles praised the prince and averred that the marriage between him and the little princess would bring supreme wealth and prosperity to the Mountain City."</p>
    <p>"'I disagree!'"</p>
    <p>"The wolf princess suddenly came to the banquet hall."</p>
    <p>"She couldn't sit idly by and let a suspicious person take her little sister away."</p>
    <p>"However, her little sister, who had not seen the wolf princess for four years, hesitated to trust her judgment."</p>
    <p>"Overwhelmed by sadness and disappointment, the wolf princess finally lost control of her power. She vandalized the hall and injured the prince. After that, she escaped from the Mountain City."</p>
    <p>"Ah... you idiot, your ability won't grow with your age." Lorgar stroked her forehead. She speculated that such uncontrollable behaviors must have been caused by lack of practice. She thought that if she was the wolf princess in the story, she would ask her father to build her an exercise room where she could fight against some professional warriors every day to improve her skills. Only by doing so, a witch would learn to manipulate her magic power flexibly.</p>
    <p>Lorgar herself could serve as an example. In the second year after her awakening, she had succeeded in using her wolf hand to hold a cup without crushing it after repeated practice.</p>
    <p>She had just intended to flip through the pages in the beginning, but now, she was utterly immersed in the story and could not wait to know what was going to happen next.</p>
    <p>"The wolf princess decided to let go of her past and freely release her energy after she left the city. Soon her Day of Adulthood arrived. Her power increased drastically and she turned into a giant wolf. Meanwhile, she realized something strange about the exotic prince. He had come to the city on a snowy day, but his convoys had left no track in the snow and there had been no light in the carriages even at night. It seemed as if the ones inside the carriages were not human beings."</p>
    <p>"At the same time, inside the city, the little princess felt that she was wrong. She did not want to lose her elder sister, her closest friend in the world. With the help of a pigeon and a fish, she sneaked out of the palace and set out to find the wolf princess."</p>
    <p>"Unexpectedly, she bumped into the exotic prince halfway. He came to stop her but she refused to leave with him. At this moment, the prince tore off his disguise and revealed his true self. He turned out to be an insidious demon lord. It proudly explained the whole thing to the princess: The Mountain City was a natural choke point, so the demon lord planned to crack human beings' defense line from the inside, and after its army conquered the Mountain City, they would march into the heavily populated areas. It told the princess that it was already too late for human beings to react since their army, which was hiding in the convoys was slowly passing through the gate of the city now."</p>
    <p>"After that, the demon lord kidnapped the princess, but the pigeon overheard the whole conversation and told it to the wolf princess. Without any hesitation, she rushed back into the city which was now caught in the maelstrom of war. She helped the soldiers to turn the situation around and led the human army to recapture the palace."</p>
    <p>"However, the demon lord still refused to give up, so a decisive battle between the demon and the wolf princess broke out."</p>
    <p>"After a fierce combat, the wolf princess killed the demon lord and saved her sister and the city. Unfortunately, she was severely wounded during the battle and died in the end. When her sister became the queen, she built a statue in the city to commemorate the wolf princess. This touching story was widely spread and passed down from generation to generation..."</p>
    <p>Lorgar closed the book and rubbed her sore neck.</p>
    <p>She breathed a big sigh of relief and felt sincerely satisfied!</p>
    <p>She could tell from the story that in the great chief's view, she was an excellent warrior now, who could not only protect her friends but also stand out to save a country. She felt so flattered and wagged her tail happily.</p>
    <p>She did not have a problem with the ending where the wolf princess died. As a warrior, she thought it was an honor to be killed on the battlefield, especially in a fight against a strong opponent. For her, it was an acceptable ending, since there was not a healing witch like Miss Nana in the story.</p>
    <p>However, she still felt confused about some parts of the story.</p>
    <p>Such as, why did the wolf princess feel so bad when she heard that her younger sister was about to get married. Since at that time, the exotic princess was so popular and no one found out that he was a demon, as an elder sister, the wolf princess should have wished the new couple all the best.</p>
    <p>She also wondered why the demon lord had to explain everything to the little princess before kidnapping her. As a military leader, it appeared too talkative and was clearly not prudent enough.</p>
    <p>"Well... who cares."</p>
    <p>"Now that I had already promised the great chief, I have to act in this drama—no, this magic movie well. As for the training... it is not too late to start it half a month later."</p>
    <p>Lorgar stretched herself in satisfaction and fell asleep with a smile on her face.</p>
  </body>
</html>
