<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1026: Staging of a New Play</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1026: Staging of a New Play</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>At last, the release date of The Wolf Princess was finally here.</p>
    <p>As soon as sunlight began to shine through the window, Victor was awakened by a rustling sound. He opened his eyes only to discover that the other side of the pillow had been vacated, leaving behind only a few long strands of hair and the faint body scent of a young woman.</p>
    <p>"Tinkle?" He called out in a slightly dry voice.</p>
    <p>"Your Excellency, you're awake?" The person who replied seemed somewhat alarmed. "Was it my being too noisy that disturbed you?"</p>
    <p>The jewel merchant sat up and leaned back on the headboard while revealing a slight smile.</p>
    <p>The maid was still fumbling with her attire. She looked particularly adorable with only half of her dress worn on as yet, completely exposing her smooth back and only half-concealing her chest.</p>
    <p>"Your Excellency... can you stop looking at me like that?" Tinkle asked somewhat embarrassedly.</p>
    <p>"This is the kind of feeling that those noble young ladies can never offer." Victor began to chuckle. "Alrighttt... I shan't look anymore. But, I should let you know that you won't be able to put it on properly without assistance."</p>
    <p>"Oh..." The latter seemed a little perplexed.</p>
    <p>"Come over and I'll help you." He reached out a hand. "But let me have a cup of water first, I'm so thirsty."</p>
    <p>... ...</p>
    <p>After helping her to tie up the laces, Victor placed his hand on the maid's waist. "Done. It suits you pretty well. The dress may seem flimsy, but before elastic bands were invented, the servants who were chosen to dress the young ladies had to be big and burly or they wouldn't be able to fasten it properly."</p>
    <p>"I see." The young girl stuck out her tongue. "This is the first time I've heard..."</p>
    <p>"Many items used by nobles are like that. They look good but are terribly troublesome to use. In short, flashy without substance." He laughed. "Hmm, can't wait to wear it out today, can you?"</p>
    <p>"No no... I woke up early just to finish preparation earlier so that I won't hold up your journey..." Tinkle shook her hand. "I shall now go fetch water for you to clean up and also prepare breakfast."</p>
    <p>"Wearing this to perform such tasks?" Victor glanced at the visibly-excited maid but decided not to dig deeper. "Okay, go. I just need a fresh omelet toast, and don't forget to make yourself a serving."</p>
    <p>"Yes, thank you, Your Excellency." She bowed respectfully before making her way out. "Thanks also for the gift of clothing... and the chance to watch the play."</p>
    <p>As the door shut, Victor climbed off the bed and poured a glass of red wine for himself.</p>
    <p>"This is another plus of this type of girl - that they show immense gratitude for the simplest of benefaction. Had I gifted the same things to a noble young lady, I mightn't even get a smiling face as a sign of appreciation."</p>
    <p>80 gold royals were nothing much to him after all. It was naturally a lot more enjoyable to watch a play together with someone else instead of alone. This was simply a matter of self-interest and had little to do with kindness or adoration.</p>
    <p>He was curious about only one thing - how exciting could a magic movie that costs 40 gold royals per ticket be?</p>
    <p>... ...</p>
    <p>"Teacher, are you really going?" Roentgen peered worriedly at the neatly-dressed Kajen Fels. "May might've said that she would recommend your new play to His Highness, but that could just be a pretense. If she's simply taking advantage of your fame, you'll be falling into her trap by going."</p>
    <p>"I feel the same way... she's no longer trustworthy," Egrepo grumbled. "I doubt she can even meet His Highness easily, let alone recommend a play to him."</p>
    <p>"But May's husband is, after all, the Chief Knight. Even if she doesn't get to see him, she should be able to pass a message, right?" Bernis added cautiously.</p>
    <p>"Speaking up for her yet again?" Roentgen glowered at her. "Don't forget about how she treated us!"</p>
    <p>"Uh... didn't Teacher say that she hasn't meddled with the City Hall?"</p>
    <p>"Who knows if she's lying or not..."</p>
    <p>"Enough!" Kajen snapped. "My intention for going was never because of this supposed recommendation. She may be conceited and all, but we cannot behave like this. I have to take a look even if I don't agree with her." He humphed before continuing, "Can a brood of play fledglings really act out the story perfectly? It takes some nerve to say so! If I don't see it for myself, it'll mean that I've already been frightened by her words. Only by seeing it will I be able to burst her bubble, no?"</p>
    <p>He then slapped four finely-printed tickets down on the table. "So, what she has sent aren't admission tickets, but letters of challenge! Whether to go or not will be left up to each of you. But remember, those who don't watch the play shouldn't make uninformed criticisms. For those who accept the challenge, follow me."</p>
    <p>... ...</p>
    <p>The entrance to the new theater was already brimming with chatter by 10 o'clock in the morning.</p>
    <p>Everyone appeared to be in high anticipation of the play which had been long publicized. There were also people present who could not afford the steep prices of the premiere but hoped to catch a glimpse by hook or by crook.</p>
    <p>However, these people discovered, to their surprise, that the theater was designed completely different from the others. There was not a single window, and its entire architecture resembled an inverted bowl. It was impossible to hear a sound from inside by planting one's face against the walls, let alone peek through. The volume of the theater was extremely "small and exquisite", approximating only a quarter the size of a central square, less than 15 meters in length and height, and only one story high. Together with the undecorated and gray cement exterior, it was hard to believe that an avant-garde play was about to be staged here.</p>
    <p>Victor walked together with Tinkle into the theater while harboring these sorts of suspicions.</p>
    <p>Many checkpoints were set up along the single-person walkways, which Victor was only allowed to pass after he had turned in the God's Stone of Retaliation and self-defense dagger he was carrying.</p>
    <p>The duo's eyes lit up the moment they pushed open the doors.</p>
    <p>"Wow..." Tinkle exclaimed uncontrollably.</p>
    <p>Victor was also surprised. The theater was actually illuminated by magic stones!</p>
    <p>He had, before this, only seen such valuable things in Black Money.</p>
    <p>It was telling of the owner's wealth that he could display these stones in a public place.</p>
    <p>Unlike the austerity of the exterior, the theater's interior was as extravagant as could be. Four clusters of Stones of Lightning hung from the arched dome, from where they illuminated the windowless hall. Warm air could be felt gushing out from the floor to maintain the temperature of the hall at a comfortable level. Rows of deck chairs were placed around the center at an arm's length away from each other. As a result, the hall appeared to be extra spacious, and did not feel cramped in any way.</p>
    <p>Victor was beginning to understand that this was the probable reason why tickets were expensive. Though the spacious room offered a comfortable viewing experience, this meant that seats were extremely limited. Judging from the number of seats, a single play could only accommodate between 50 to 80 people. This figure was significantly less than that of a typical performance elsewhere. Hence, if ticket prices were not increased, it would not be possible to break even.</p>
    <p>But there was another important question.</p>
    <p>As he looked around the hall, he could not make out where the stage was.</p>
    <p>Apart from a sturdy stone pillar which was erected in the center of the hall and connected directly to the ceiling, there was nothing else but seats. There was no space set aside for the performance.</p>
    <p>Unless the Star Flower Troupe danced around the pillar?</p>
  </body>
</html>
