<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1152: Persuasion</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1152: Persuasion</p>
    <p>Translator: Transn Editor: Transn</p>
    <p>Two days later, the "Seagull" made a slow descent on the runway next to the forest terminus station.</p>
    <p>Tilly saw Ashes waiting for her as she got off the plane.</p>
    <p>As usual, Ashes immediately came here, although she knew this was going to be a short meeting.</p>
    <p>Sometimes, Tilly even doubted whether Ashes had fulfilled her duties entrusted by Roland.</p>
    <p>Yet Ashes always said to her, "Don't worry. Leaf is now in the form of the Heart of Forest, so nobody could possibly hurt her. She's always the first person to notify me of your arrival."</p>
    <p>"How long are you going to stay here today?" Ashes asked her after the onlookers scuttled away.</p>
    <p>"I'll be here until tomorrow morning," Tilly said heavily as she stared into Ashes' smiling eyes. She had promised Roland to persuade Ashes, but now her confidence somehow wavered. "Iron Axe and Edith came here as well. The 'Torch' project is close to its end, so there's a lot to clarify."</p>
    <p>"So you're staying overnight..." Ashes mumbled thoughtfully. "Well in that case, let's go to the campsite first. Leaf grew some new fruit that taste really good. I'll set up a bonfire in the evening so that we could have some barbeque..."</p>
    <p>Every time Tilly had leisure time, Ashes would instantly fill her schedule.</p>
    <p>"Not this time. I have to do a lot of preparation work tonight and probably won't have time."</p>
    <p>Deflated, Ashes sighed, "Alright... I see."</p>
    <p>Tilly could not help giggling as she saw this invincible Extraordinary be subdued like a punctured balloon. She instantly felt more self-assured. "But I'm not the person who's going to be busy. It's going to be you actually. We'll work together in the next few days, so you have to get prepared."</p>
    <p>"Me?"</p>
    <p>"Yes, the Special Unit needs you to intercept the demons, so you'll have to pack tonight and go to the front with me tomorrow morning. Of course, we're going to take the 'Seagull'," Tilly said smilingly. "As for Leaf, I'll ask Roland to appoint another person to take care of her."</p>
    <p>"..." It took Ashes a while to put herself together. She complained, "You could have told me at the beginning..."</p>
    <p>While Ignoring Ashes' protest, Tilly averted her eyes and said, "We don't have time for barbeque today, but we could still have some fruit. Do you care to take me there?"</p>
    <p>Ashes immediately extended her hand and said, "Sure."</p>
    <p>...</p>
    <p>After they returned to their abode at the encampment after dinner, Tilly told Ashes the operation plan drafted by the General Staff.</p>
    <p>Ashes seemed to have already predicted that she'll be in the sniper team. However, when Tilly mentioned about the operator of the "Seagull", her face clouded over.</p>
    <p>"Don't tell me that you're going to operate the 'Seagull'."</p>
    <p>After a moment of silence, Tilly looked up into her eyes and replied, "I'm the best person for this task."</p>
    <p>"But Roland promised me that he would take care of you. He would never let you participate in the war!" Ashes flared up. "I need to talk to him —"</p>
    <p>"He didn't agree with this arrangement."</p>
    <p>"What?"</p>
    <p>"Roland didn't agree on this matter," Tilly said. "I volunteered. So, how are you going to stop me? Are you going to tie me up and imprison me in the castle?"</p>
    <p>"Er..." Ashes froze.</p>
    <p>"Well, Roland would probably do that himself if this was a suicidal mission. But like I said, the 'Seagull' will just act as a contingency plan. Only when Andrea fails to kill the Magic Slayer will we get involved in this operation. Plus, what I need to do is simply drop the God's Punishment Witches off before the demon."</p>
    <p>"Isn't it dangerous? This is the Magic Slayer we're talking about —"</p>
    <p>"I knew you're going to say that," Tilly cut across her off resignedly. "Do you really think that I'll surpass the Magic Slayer and drop the God's Punishment Witches under his nose?"</p>
    <p>"If not, then how are you going to do that?" Ashes asked, her brows furrowed. "The God's Punishment Witches can't fly. If the Magic Slayer doesn't fall for the trick, this plan won't work."</p>
    <p>The most important task for a decoy was to convince the enemy that he had a good chance of winning. Otherwise, the Magic Slayer would retreat even faster, and the bait usually took most of the risk during an operation.</p>
    <p>"I'm glad that Edith isn't as simple as you are," Tilly said while rolling her eyes. "The demons need the Red Mist, so they won't swagger our way as bold as brass, and we don't need to use the 'Seagull' to lure him. We simply need to cut off his supplies. The Magic Slayer will definitely recharge himself, because he won't be able to flee the plains with his tiny little gas tank. In other words, the God's Punishment Witches are awaiting the arrival of their weary visitor and dragging him into battle. So, Wendy and I will have enough time to come back safely."</p>
    <p>Ashes lapsed into a long silence and then spoke hesitantly, "But what if..."</p>
    <p>Tilly shook her head and said, "I'm not saying that this plan is completely risk free, but at least the risk is under our control. I've told you that the 'Seagull' is just a part of this plan. I won't put myself in danger unless I'm as silly as you. In fact, the main reason I decided to go to the front is you. I'll never feel settled if I stay at the rear watching you fight!"</p>
    <p>"Your Highness..." Ashes said, speechless.</p>
    <p>"Say my name!"</p>
    <p>"Ti — "</p>
    <p>Before Ashes announced the word, Tilly grabbed Ashes by the collar, stretched herself up to her tiptoes, and kissed her.</p>
    <p>Ashes felt warmth wash over her.</p>
    <p>This was the first time that Princess Tilly had kissed her.</p>
    <p>Then Tilly disengaged herself and looked away.</p>
    <p>In the guttered candlelight, Ashes saw a fleeting blush on Tilly's cheeks.</p>
    <p>"Every time you went on a trip, whether we were living on the Sleeping Island or in Neverwinter, I was always the one left behind, awaiting your return which I don't know will come in a few days or a few months. But it wasn't like this before. Back in the old king's city, we were always together. Then why do we have to part now? Weren't we also in danger when the church hunted us?"</p>
    <p>Tilly turned around and gazed into Ashes' eyes. There was a twinge of starchiness in her voice. "I don't want to wait anymore."</p>
    <p>From the steely gray eyes, Ashes knew that Tilly had made up her mind.</p>
    <p>"I see, but on one condition," Ashes sighed deeply. She knew the Wimbledons were notorious for their temerity.</p>
    <p>"I know what you're going to say. Don't force yourself. Make safety your top priority. Roland told me all that... Well, I know what I'm doing. This is all common sense..."</p>
    <p>"That's not what I was going to say."</p>
    <p>"Huh?" Tilly gaped.</p>
    <p>"One more time. This is my condition."</p>
    <p>With these words, Ashes pulled Princess Tilly into a hug and lowered her head.</p>
  </body>
</html>
