<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 465: Inner Peace &amp; Disturbance</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 465: Inner Peace &amp; Disturbance</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>Wendy, Scroll, and Spear were sitting in the castle hall, enjoying the top-grade black tea that was imported from the City of Glow.</p>
    <p>Wendy took the whistling kettle off the pot hook in the fireplace and poured the boiled well water into a tea cup. Watching the water surface gradually being dyed a transparent orange and sniffing the mellow aroma that came from the rising steam, she felt her whole body become lazy. After blowing on the cup to cool down the tea, she took a small sip. The initial taste was slightly bitter, but it slowly turned into a fresh and sweet taste that rejuvenated her lips and tongue. As the warm liquid flowed into her abdomen, she uncontrollably let out a satisfied groan.</p>
    <p>On the other side of the hall, Paper was still fiddling with the Sigil of God's Will. She had already mastered the skill of injecting magic power into the sigil, and was also able to accurately control the output of magic power. But no matter how she tried, she was only able to light up the first magic stone on the sigil.</p>
    <p>"Whenever I see her, I'll think of the days in the Witch Cooperation Association," Scroll said emotionally. "At that time, nobody thought that we would all be able to live a life like what we have today."</p>
    <p>"If we were able to foresee the future, Cara wouldn't have persisted so stubbornly." Wendy placed her cup down. "It's good that in the future, our awakened sisters won't have to experience the same suffering as we did." As she spoke, she started laughing. "We're probably the last batch of witches who had to suffer."</p>
    <p>"Also the oldest batch, which means we'll enjoy the least number of good days," Scroll added while placing her hand on her forehead. "Sounds like we got the worst lot."</p>
    <p>"That's why you came back early today just to enjoy a bit more leisure time?" Wendy joked.</p>
    <p>"I left only after completing my duties." The latter shrugged her shoulders. "His Highness Roland is away and thus the amount of work is much less than usual. I'm somewhat not used to it."</p>
    <p>"Is that so?" Wendy raised her eyebrows. "When His Highness returns, I'll tell him what you said word-for-word."</p>
    <p>"Oh... then, for the next exam, I can't promise that you'll be able to understand every question."</p>
    <p>"You two have such a great relationship." Spear giggled as she listened to the conversation. "Although I'm not young anymore, I've never enjoyed such a deep relationship with anyone. You two are among the most fortunate of the witches."</p>
    <p>"That goes without saying. Not every witch has a powerful father," Scroll said, and drank a mouthful of tea before continuing, "and he would pass on everything he has to his daughter—even in the noble, such people are rare."</p>
    <p>"By the way, how's it going in the City Hall?" Wendy looked towards Spear. "I've heard that you'll go there whenever you're free recently."</p>
    <p>"There're many benefits of going." Spear exhaled deeply. "This's the first time I've gained insight into a departmental management style that's so well-ordered and demarcated, yet allows the departments to work closely together. Instead of having the ministers of each department conduct their own employee recruitment and compensation, the City Hall takes care of it for them. This way, there's less difficulty in replacing employees, and also allows capable citizens to enter the civil service without hindrance. I've no idea how His Highness conceived this idea."</p>
    <p>"She even had a very nice chat with Barov." Scroll jested.</p>
    <p>"Ahem, he was simply consulting me about a few questions related to the laws of the noble, which I happened to have a good understanding of," Spear said, shaking her head. "Also, the new laws laid down by His Highness are very unique, and may even be implemented in the Fallen Dragon Ridge. I discussed this with Barov for a little longer."</p>
    <p>"Oh? How are they unique?"</p>
    <p>"Such as the part regarding the definition of citizenship..."</p>
    <p>"Sister Wendy, when will I be able to light up the second magic stone?" Paper had joined in unexpectedly and bawled as she held up the Sigil of God's Will.</p>
    <p>"When you're a bit older." Wendy reached her hand out to the young girl. "Come, let me give you a hug."</p>
    <p>Paper held on to Wendy's outstretched hand and climbed into her embrace.</p>
    <p>Wendy caressed Paper's head as she watched the other two witches discuss the new laws, and felt a sense of calm.</p>
    <p>It would be so good if this life could last forever.</p>
    <p>At this moment, a guard entered the hall. He first glanced around the room before walking up to the four witches with a slight hesitation.</p>
    <p>"Something happened?" Wendy recognized him—he was a personal guard of His Highness.</p>
    <p>"Lady Wendy, someone has arrived from outside the castle, and she claims that her daughter has just been awakened as a witch..." The guard said while making a salute. "His Highness has specified that when he's not around, you'll be in charge of such issues."</p>
    <p>"What?" The three witches were shocked simultaneously. "A new awakened witch?"</p>
    <p>"That's what the person said."</p>
    <p>"Quick, take me to her," Wendy immediately responded.</p>
    <p>...</p>
    <p>At the main gate of the castle, Wendy saw two citizens waiting in the cold wind. One of them seemed about 40 years old, her hair already turned half-white, and the wrinkles on her forehead were deep and long. She was wearing an old-fashioned coat and her stature was slightly hunched. The other person was much younger, about 17 or 18 years old, and she stood reservedly beside the elder woman.</p>
    <p>"This's Lady Wendy of the Witch Union." The guard introduced.</p>
    <p>"Our greetings, Lady Wendy." The two citizens bowed respectfully.</p>
    <p>"They claim to be migrants from the Southern Territory and that they moved into an inner city residential district half a month ago. I've verified their identity cards and found no issue with the information they provided."</p>
    <p>"You're the witch?" Wendy looked towards the young woman and spoke in the tenderest voice she could. "What's your name?"</p>
    <p>"Lady Wendy's asking you a question." The elder woman tugged on the younger one's sleeve.</p>
    <p>"Summer," the latter murmured.</p>
    <p>"You're her... mother?"</p>
    <p>"Yes, yes, indeed. Her father is still working at the Furnace Area, so I brought her over." The elder woman nodded repeatedly. "Lady Wendy, may I ask if what His Highness stated on the bulletin is true... that witches are entitled to a wage of one gold royal every month?"</p>
    <p>"It's true indeed, but she has to be willing to join the Witch Union."</p>
    <p>"I..." Summer opened her mouth.</p>
    <p>"She's willing, she's definitely willing to serve and dedicate everything to His Highness." The mother interrupted her daughter. "Do we have to sign a contract? When will we receive the money?"</p>
    <p>These words made Wendy frown uncontrollably. It was not hard to decipher from her tone that the mother not only treated her daughter as an object for sale, but also thought that the Witch Union was a place of pleasure for His Highness.</p>
    <p>Wendy held back her unhappiness and replied placidly, "His Highness is currently handling some affairs in Longsong Stronghold, and I'm not sure when he'll be back. Furthermore, there'll be a few examinations and tests before she can join the Union. You may leave your daughter to our care in the castle, and when His Highness returns, we'll arrange for you to sign the contract."</p>
    <p>No matter what, Summer was innocent, and thus Wendy did not want to impose her anger towards the ignorant mother on to her. Even though witches were already accepted by the majority of the town's inhabitants, the refugees who recently arrived in the Western Region still possessed a gross misunderstanding of them.</p>
    <p>"I'll entrust her to you, Lady Wendy." The mother made a deep bow and then patted her daughter's head. "Behave well and don't disappoint His Highness."</p>
    <p>"Mom, I..." Summer wanted to say something, but the elder woman had already turned and walked towards the exit ramp.</p>
  </body>
</html>
