<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1214: The Second Magic Movie</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1214: The Second Magic Movie</p>
    <p>Translator: Transn Editor: Transn</p>
    <p>Two days later, Victor went to the movie theatre.</p>
    <p>The premiere of the movie "The Dust of History" was at 3:00 PM. He arrived at the theatre pretty early and waited to check in. The movie theatre had expanded a great deal since his last visit a year ago. There were not only several new movie halls but also a yard and a waiting area for customers. Although Victor came here half an hour early, the hall had been packed when he got here.</p>
    <p>"Are you Mr. Gammon from the Chamber of Commerce of the Crescent Moon Bay? Nice to meet you."</p>
    <p>"Nice to meet you too. I didn't expect to meet such a successful businessman from the Kingdom of Dawn like you."</p>
    <p>"Are they actors from Kajen's troupe? I wonder if I could meet Kajen himself."</p>
    <p>"Please present me to him if you ever get a chance."</p>
    <p>"Sure thing."</p>
    <p>The audience started to make conversations. As Victor had expected, those who could afford the premiere were all prominent figures. This was also one of the benefits to attend the premiere.</p>
    <p>"Hey, aren't you Mr. Victor? I've heard that you're no longer in the jewelry trade, are you?" someone said to him abruptly.</p>
    <p>"I'm still doing my old trade, but the business isn't good at the moment."</p>
    <p>"I like your blankets. More customers come to my hotel after I use your products. I would like to order 100 more."</p>
    <p>"I'm glad to hear that. We could have a chat after the magic movie."</p>
    <p>"Sounds good."</p>
    <p>Tinkle's eyes were wide open as she listened to their conversation. To her, it was unimaginable to suddenly have such a big order over a casual chat. When Victor was finally alone, she tugged his sleeve and asked, "Sir, are these people coming here for the movie or business? I notice many of them don't really know you. Aren't you afraid that they're frauds?"</p>
    <p>"Don't worry. It's very common among enterpreneurs. Just get used to it," Victor said smilingly. Only successful businessmen were financially capable of attending this grand premiere. To some extent, this premiere told more about their financial status than any jewelry they were wearing, because the theatre experience was, essentially, an intangible service that would not give audience any monetary benefits.</p>
    <p>While Victor was explaining to Tinkle, someone bumped into him.</p>
    <p>"Ah... sorry," Victor apologized. However, he was rooted to the ground after he saw the woman.</p>
    <p>It was a lifeless face, although quite pretty. Perhaps, the lady would have been even prettier than Tinkle had she put on some makeup. Nevertheless, her pale skin and absent look abhorred him. The sullen expression that the woman was wearing formed a glaring contrast with the animated atmosphere in the hall.</p>
    <p>The woman did not say anything but simply cast him an indifferent glance before she drifted off.</p>
    <p>"What a weird person..." Victor mumbled.</p>
    <p>"Sir, the magic movie is starting in a minute. Let's get in," Tinkle, who apparently had not noticed anything, urged while grasping Victor's hand.</p>
    <p>"Right... yes," Victor said. He soon put the lady out of his mind and followed Tinkle into the hall.</p>
    <p>...</p>
    <p>"What happened just now?" Joe asked Farrina a little apprehensively.</p>
    <p>"Nothing," Farrina answered in a low voice. "Someone bumped into me. Let's go. Since you brought me here, let's just get in."</p>
    <p>"R-right," Joe stammered, not sure whether he should hold Farrina's hand, and finally decided not to do so. "Remember that you shall stay with me, no matter what happens."</p>
    <p>Farrina remained silent. This was the best she could do to come here with him.</p>
    <p>After staying in Neverwinter for nearly half a year, Farrina gradually came to the realization that the ancient witch who claimed to have been living for 400 years did not lie to her. Her wounds slowly healed up. Although the whip and brand marks persisted, she could at least walk on her own. Farrina found herself have nothing to complain about. Had she fallen into any pure witches' hands, she would have suffered more tortures. Neverwinter witches did treat her fairly well.</p>
    <p>However, the trial Farrina had been waiting for did not come. She had not even got a chance to meet the King of Graycastle. Farrina was simply questioned by dozens of people. She had even lied, in an attempt to provoke the interrogators, but they simply gave her a searching look with an air of derision.</p>
    <p>After Farrina was released from the prison, Joe bought a house to settle her down. Unlike her, Joe, as a former noble, soon found a job at the Administrative Office and quickly adapted to the new environment. If truth be told, Joe should not have been a church member in the first place. However, the life in Neverwinter tormented Farrina. The longer Farrina lived in Neverwinter, the more she realized how wrong the church had been. The witches were not the representation of evil. Apart from magic power, they were no different from ordinary people. Roland Wimbledon did not turn the city into hell with the power of witches but instead made people's life even better.</p>
    <p>Farrina was torn between her belief that she had been indebted for half of her life and the glaring reality. Perhaps, this was the trial. Sometimes, it could be more brutal than tortures. She would have ended her own life had Joe not needed her.</p>
    <p>Farrina didn't know how long she could live like that. Dimly, she knew the two tickets sent from the Star Flower Troupe would be her last straw. Kajen Fels created this movie on King Roland's request. The sole purpose of this movie was to disclose the truth about the church and thus further secure the dominant position of the Wimbledon Family.</p>
    <p>Farrina could imagine that the church would become what everyone loathed after this movie. The sacrifice of Pope Tucker Thor and numerous Judgement Warriors killed in action would then become nothing but a joke.</p>
    <p>Farrina did not want this to happen, but she still agreed to come with Joe.</p>
    <p>Just as she had not refused the request of the church executives and agreed to stay behind to fight for Hermes.</p>
    <p>Because Joe needed her.</p>
    <p>Yet this was probably the last thing she could do.</p>
    <p>Light gradually faded out.</p>
    <p>Darkness fell on the hall, and the magic movie began.</p>
    <p>...</p>
    <p>The story started on the Hermes Plateau 300 years ago when the New Holy City was simply boulders and rocks. A sheer drop of cliffs, the vast bleakness of the land covered in snow, and the great rapture down the Impassable Mountain Range swarmed into his view.</p>
    <p>Although Victor had watched magic movies many times, he was still quite shocked as the whole continent dwarfed beneath him.</p>
    <p>Across the great rapture, many church members were building their new city, as though this was really what had happened 300 years ago.</p>
    <p>A moment later, the audience saw a huge hole in the ground. Victor heard the name "Prival Council", which was the most secretive organization of the church. A murmur, at this point, swept over the hall. Victor knew everybody was as surprised and intrigued as him and believed that this was probably the hidden history once only known to the royal family. Soon, the story caught Victor's attention.</p>
    <p>It was rumored that a disastrous war broke out every 400 years. When the war started, a bloody moon would appear in the sky, and many enemies would creep out of hell and crush the mankind. For the sake of the human race, witches offered their blood to warriors and obtained incredible power. This was the truth of the God's Punishment Warriors.</p>
    <p>To make sure this plan was successful, witches established the church and started to select potential warriors. The main character of this movie was a witch, and she was also the succeeder of the current pope. Another main character was the pope's guardian, the commander of the Judgement Army.</p>
    <p>Like the majority of plays, the two main characters, after overcoming the initial prejudice and hostility against each other, finally fell in love. The witch and the guardian promised to each other than once there was a succeeder to take over the pope position, they would attend the incarnation ceremony for the God's Punishment Army and never part again.</p>
    <p>It was such an ingenious stroke that Kajen Fels told this beautiful love story in such an emotional, unobtrusive manner. The excellent performance of the actors from the Star Flower Troupe further moved the audience. Tinkle even wept when she saw the couple make vows.</p>
    <p>However, the situation suddenly turned for the worse. The guardian's father, having a strong desire for power, framed the pope and usurped the throne. The witch, as a candidate for the next pope, naturally became the first obstacle he was going to remove. He thus asked his son to kill the girl, but the guardian refused his request with inflexible determination.</p>
    <p>It was a scheme that the usurper had conspired for a long time. When the couple discovered the consipiration, it was too late to change the situation. The couple thus decided to flee Hermes and inform the king situated at the foot of the plateau of this incident. However, the guardian's father sent soldiers to catch them. Apparently, he was determined to kill the young man and the woman.</p>
    <p>The movie reached its climax when a battle broke out at the Coldwind Ridge in Graycastle.</p>
    <p>A unit of the Judgement Army soon caught up with the witch and the guardian. it seemed that the two unfortunate lovers were doomed.</p>
    <p>When the tension between the two parties became almost unbearable, something incredible happened.</p>
    <p>"Please, help us! Please!" the guardian yelled, panting, and suddenly turned around. He grasped Victor frantically. Victor felt a coldness steal through him, and he shuddered uncontrollably.</p>
    <p>It took him all his efforts not to cry out loud!</p>
    <p>"They're there! Get them!"</p>
    <p>"Anyone who resists us will be viewed as their accomplices. We're going to kill all of you!" the soldiers shouted, their arms aloft in the air.</p>
    <p>"I, I'm not..." Victor said with great difficulties, his throat dry. Words failed him, and the Judgement Warriors had already pulled the trigger.</p>
    <p>An arrow brushed past his cheek!</p>
    <p>At the same time, Victor felt a sting.</p>
    <p>His hand rubbed on his cheek tremulously and he peered down at this fingers.</p>
    <p>There was a faint hint of crimson on them.</p>
  </body>
</html>
