<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1024: The Dispute over Ideas (I)</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1024: The Dispute over Ideas (I)</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>"Stop the show? But they have finished shooting the magic movie, and they don't have to perform on stage... No, that's not the point. The question is why he would make such a request."</p>
    <p>For a moment, May was completely lost, for she had never expected to hear this from Kajen.</p>
    <p>Perhaps sensing that his words were a little abrupt, Kajen added quickly, "I don't mean for you to cancel it, just shelve it temporarily. Make some excuse, such as illness or the need to take some rest. If you postpone the show for about a week, I figure that the officials will allow me to see the king."</p>
    <p>"But..." May wanted to argue that the magic movie was totally different from the traditional dramas and the Star Flower Troupe did not need to be responsible for screening it. However, as soon as the "but" was said out, Roentgen broke into a sneer.</p>
    <p>It seemed that Roentgen had been holding back her urge to argue for a long time.</p>
    <p>"I've told you that it's a waste of effort. How could she stop the show that she has been working on? Master, you've asked the wrong person."</p>
    <p>"I thought that you were just led astray and gave up your quest for drama, but I didn't expect you to become so vile," Bernis said regretfully, stamping her feet. "I've spoken up for you on that day... Mrs. Lannis, what do you take drama as? A way to earn your fame?"</p>
    <p>"Even If she didn't tell us, we should have known about what she really is, the wife of Chief Knight Carter Lannis. So, it does make sense to see the officials try to please her. Otherwise, I don't believe that King Roland would not even grant Master Kajen, such a famed dramatist, a chance to perform for him."</p>
    <p>"Enough!" Kajen Fels snapped, "I don't invite her here for you all to argue with! And I'm sure that May didn't do that. If you don't trust my judgment, please take your leave. Right now, I just want to hear her answer."</p>
    <p>"Oh, my God." May was astonished when she finally realized what was going on. "Kajen Troupe wants to perform for His Majesty for his enthronement and has submitted the application in the City Hall in accordance with the rules, but contrary to their expectation, they were rejected. That's why they blame me after they knew that I have married with Chief Knight, thinking that it must be me who made the officials lay aside their application and give them the cold shoulder."</p>
    <p>What a big misunderstanding!</p>
    <p>If that was the case, then she could understand why they showed open animosity towards her.</p>
    <p>In the drama circle, actors had to experience a lot of things, such as rejection, criticism, or the competition for a new role. All of these things happened among actors, so no actor would openly argue for their misfortune. However, if anyone of them used their contacts to hinder other people's performance, that would be regarded as an offense to the actors who loved acting.</p>
    <p>She would be more resentful and contemptuous if such things were put on her.</p>
    <p>May said slowly, "I didn't talk to anyone about the incident in the hotel except the companions who were with me. I can promise you that."</p>
    <p>"I trust you too. That's why I decided to have a talk with you," Kajen said, rubbing his brow. "We've known nothing about this new city, nor have we understood why we were rejected. To ask you stop the show is the last thing I want to do, but I have no choice. Of course, we'll compensate you for your loss afterward."</p>
    <p>The other actors frowned and looked away when they heard the word "compensate".</p>
    <p>May, meanwhile, did not bother to guess what he would compensate her, for she had known Kajen Fels well enough to understand that he must have had his reasons.</p>
    <p>"I'd like to ask you a question before I give you my answer." She pondered for a moment and said, "Your manager told me that I've disappointed you... Why?"</p>
    <p>The old man was silent for a long while, and then he waved to the other actors.</p>
    <p>"Master..." Roentgen wanted to say something, but she held her words back at the last moment and then walked out of the room.</p>
    <p>One after another, they followed her out, leaving May and Kajen alone.</p>
    <p>Kajen Fels stared at May, his eyes full of reproach that almost made her retreat.</p>
    <p>"How many dramas have you played in the past two years?"</p>
    <p>That was a question she did not expect to hear.</p>
    <p>"Um... seven or eight?" May was not sure.</p>
    <p>"Twelve, actually," Kajen said, counting with his fingers. "'Cinderella', 'The Witches' Story', 'Dawn', 'New City'... Let's lay aside the quality of the scripts. Do you really think you've played them well?"</p>
    <p>May was shocked. "Have you seen... them all?"</p>
    <p>"No, that's a stupid question." She realized it right after she blurted the question out. Most of her dramas were played in the Western Region, so he must have heard of them from other people.</p>
    <p>As she had expected, Kajen shook his head. "I have students in the four regions of Graycastle, from whom I can easily hear of these dramas." He sighed. "But did it not take you as long as eight months to prepare for the 'Memoir of a Prince's Search for Love'?"</p>
    <p>May was speechless, for she had seen behind the old man's words.</p>
    <p>It was a law widely acknowledged in the drama circle that a vivid and successful performance was based on tons of preparation. No matter how talented the actors were, they could not be sure that they had memorized every line and every action in a short period of time.</p>
    <p>In truth, as there were so many dramas to rehearse, she had made quite a few simple mistakes that she had never made before, such as saying the wrong lines and making the wrong expressions, which might not be noticed by ordinary people but would be particularly abrupt to a knowledgeable audience.</p>
    <p>"I don't know why you moved from the Longsong Theatre to Border Town, where you began to perform the dramas of this level," Kajen said seriously. "You might do it under your lord's order, but he wouldn't force you to do it if it was against your will. After all, a play is like an open dance, and no one can dance well when they're shackled." "May," he said. His tone had changed. Instead of addressing her as Mrs. Lannis, he sounded like a teacher teaching his beloved student. "You should've known very well that the audience also helps to improve your acting skill. How could you improve without their high demands and standards stimulating you? It's true that you've pleased most people, but you gave up your aspiration to be a superb actor, and that's why I'm disappointed in you."</p>
    <p>May was quiet. She could not even find any words to argue, as she knew that he was telling the truth. In terms of performance, she had indeed become worse recently. She had slashed a lot of her private practice time and also declined her role in the "Wolf Princess". The dramas were arranged in such a tight schedule that it was unlikely for her to have enough time to study every role she was about to play. In addition, maintaining the Star Flower Troupe had also taken a lot of her energy.</p>
    <p>It took her a long while to find something to say. "Have you spent a long time preparing for this drama that you're about to play?" she asked.</p>
    <p>"It took me two years," Kajen said proudly. "Apart from the time we spent performing the old plays, we've been rehearsing it all the time, even on the boat and in this hotel. By now, we've polished every detail and all we need is a stage where my students can present their perfect work. I must say that it's better than the 'Memoir of a Prince's Search for Love' I performed when I was at the zenith of my fame."</p>
    <p>He looked right at May and continued, "Although you've misused the talent God has gifted you, I believe your love for the drama is real. You must be very happy to watch an authentic drama too. Am I right?"</p>
  </body>
</html>
