<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1301 - A Battle in the Snow</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h3>Chapter 1301: A Battle in the Snow</h3>
    <p><strong>Translator:</strong> Transn <strong>Editor:</strong> Transn</p>
    <p>White thought he was going to die when the strange gray bird zoomed toward the mountain.</p>
    <p>The only thing he was thinking at that moment was that he should have not come all the way here to do business!</p>
    <p>He blamed those sailors!</p>
    <p>Had those sailors not been so envious of coachmen and also started to transport refugees, he would not have had to come to the interior of the Kingdom of Wolfheart.</p>
    <p>He simply wanted to earn more money and survive the fierce competition!</p>
    <p>He had not expected that this time, he would encounter real demons.</p>
    <p>He could probably still survive as long as he ran faster than the other refugees. However, when the strange birds appeared in the sky, he knew that he was doomed.</p>
    <p>No men could outrun something that had wings, not to mention that he only had one leg.</p>
    <p>White buried his head in his arms and knelt down. <em>“God, please send your pious believer to the divine land you created after he dies and make sure that he has endless gold royals to squander…”</em></p>
    <p>But the weird birds did not tear him to pieces. Instead, they produced a series of familiar sounds.</p>
    <p>He had heard similar “neighing sounds” at the Sedimentation Bay. When the Graycastle men fired, those sounds would reverberate across the whole battlefield. Within just half an hour, the invincible knights from the Tusk and the Redstone Family were all reduced to ashes.</p>
    <p>Did the Graycastle men came to their rescue?</p>
    <p>White looked up gingerly and saw the most incredible scene in his life.</p>
    <p>A jet of silver white flash erupted from the head of the strange bird. As if it had consciousness, the flash reached the demons. The snow was kicked up into the sky, and the demons fell down one after another, as though the flash contained indefinite power.</p>
    <p>He was flabberghasted.</p>
    <p>What excited White more was that the demons were also caught totally unprepared. They not only stopped chasing them but also started to flee.</p>
    <p>“Mr. White, what, what’s that?” some refugees asked tremulously.</p>
    <p>White shook his head involuntarily, and suddenly, a bold idea flashed across his mind.</p>
    <p>White pinched his leg and forced himself to stand up. He spread out his arms at the horrified refugees and yelled in a quavering voice, “Don’t be scared. This is the Graycastle army I told you before! I summoned them here!”</p>
    <p>“Graycastle men?” the refugees echoed in disbelief. “From the sky?”</p>
    <p>“That’s right!”</p>
    <p>“Do you mean… that we’ll be saved?”</p>
    <p>“For now, yes, but it’s not free. Indeed, their service is quite expensive! I don’t have much savings, and I don’t know when they’ll leave — ”</p>
    <p>Before White could finish, the excited crowd interrupted him, “Don’t let them go! I’m willing to pay double!”</p>
    <p>“I’ll pay two silver royals!”</p>
    <p>“If I could arrive at the Sedimentation Bay safe and sound, I’ll give you my gold ring!”</p>
    <p>“And me as well…”</p>
    <p>The refugees, who had been desperate just a moment ago, again burst into life as they saw a ray of hope.</p>
    <p>“I’ll deliver your message to the Graycastle men. Now, please follow me. Well, my leg doesn’t work properly. Can someone carry me on the back?”</p>
    <p>“I’ll do it!” a burly man answered and immediately carried White on his back.</p>
    <p>In that way, White did not have to be worried that he would fall behind.</p>
    <p>If everything went well, he would probably retrieve his carriage with the money from the refugees.</p>
    <p>White did not mind telling a little lie. The most important thing now was to raise the morale and help all of them escape.</p>
    <p>“Don’t be panic. Open your eyes and watch the others’ footprints. Make sure that you don’t roll down the mountain!” White instructed on the man’s back at the front as the latter ran toward the foot of the mountain.</p>
    <p>…</p>
    <p>After firing at the demons for a while, Good noticed something had gone wrong.</p>
    <p>One plane seemed to be missing.</p>
    <p>Although the demons were completely flattened, it was still not that easy to exterminate 30 to 40 demons all at once. Apart from the harsh weather, the power of the gunfire was also quite limited compared to their training.</p>
    <p>Good rose and made a count. He shuddered at his finding.</p>
    <p>The “Unicorn” operated by Her Highness was missing!</p>
    <p>The Unicorn was completely the same as the Fire of Heaven, only that the former could only accommodate one person. It was normal that he missed the Unicorn in such a great blizzard, but Tilly was His Majesty’s sister. If anything happened to her, nobody could be absolved of the responsibility by blaming the weather condition.</p>
    <p>Before Good could inform Finkin of the news, three more green flashes ignited the sky in the north.</p>
    <p>That was the signal indicating that there were more enemies!</p>
    <p>But were the demons not here?</p>
    <p>Good’s heart skipped a beat. He immediately abandoned the severely injured demons and tore toward the green light.</p>
    <p>“Hey, hang on, where are you going? We’ll be prosecuted in the military tribunal if we desert our post!” Finkin said while still shooting fervently.</p>
    <p>“Shut up,” Good said irritably. “Haven’t you noticed that Her Highness isn’t here?”</p>
    <p>Finkin turned around and gasped.</p>
    <p>Apparently, he had also seen the three flickers that were now slowly descending.</p>
    <p>Fortunately, as the planes were relatively close to each other, it took Good only seven minutes or so to get where the signal was.</p>
    <p>He was a little relieved.</p>
    <p>The biplane firing downwards not far away was none other than the “Unicorn”.</p>
    <p>Her Highness was attacking a group of demons hiding in the forest. There seemed to be more demons here than where the refugees were.</p>
    <p>Why were there two troops of demons?</p>
    <p>Why did the smaller group go after the refugees?</p>
    <p>Good was still lost in thought when Finkin at the rear shouted in excitement, “There are more demons here! Let’s follow Her Highness. I can’t wait to pull the trigger!”</p>
    <p>The other two “Fires of Heaven” also arrived.</p>
    <p><em>“Whatever,”</em> Good thought to himself, ” <em>the Mad Demons can’t fight back anyway.</em>” Perhaps, the troop of demons they had met earlier had completely lost their fighting capacity. They could probably kill more of the enemies if they chose to fight here.</p>
    <p>Just at that moment, however, a pack of Devilbeasts flew over the forest and shot up in the air. They streaked toward the “Unicorn” while howling.</p>
    <p>It was their first time seeing their “imaginary enemies” in person, but Good instantly recognized them.</p>
    <p>All his blood froze.</p>
    <p>There were at least a dozen Devilbeasts.</p>
    <p>He was only 400 to 500 meters away from them. How could he win without abandoning the princess?</p>
    <p>He revolved rapidly a multitude of thoughts in his mind but denied his ideas. It was a split second that seemed to last forever. Before Good found the answer, Tilly reacted.</p>
    <p>The “Unicorn” rose abruptly and jerked around before she flew toward the east. At the same time, a red flare was sent into the air and lit the sky.</p>
    <p>It was a signal of retreat.</p>
    <p>Good pressed hard on the gas and followed the “Unicorn” to retreat to the east.</p>
    <p>The biplanes flew at a tremedous speed.</p>
    <p>The fleet immediately passed the Devilbeast that was almost close enough to spear at them, and soon the four planes shook the enemies off and disappeared in the snow.</p>
  </body>
</html>
