<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1037: Massacre On the Snow-covered Plains</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1037: Massacre On the Snow-covered Plains</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>After appointing roles to everyone, they spoke their oaths out loud as per Roland's request.</p>
    <p>This was the first time the officials had to go through such a process. However, as surprised as they were, they still followed their King's orders without delay, with their chest held high.</p>
    <p>The oath itself was nothing special: "Loyal to the King, dedicated to your duty." These were the words that all the officials would say, but speaking them out loud on a formal occasion in front of a crowd had a dramatically different effect. These words seemed to have come to life and reverberated in everyone's minds.</p>
    <p>Roland knew then that they were slowly uniting as one.</p>
    <p>"Now that you have passed the ceremony, let's get started." Roland rose from his throne and slapped the map behind him, "We shall eliminate all threat of the demons in the Fertile Plains and ensure that the northwestern side of Neverwinter is safe for us to build the foundation for humanity's mass migration back to the plains."</p>
    <p>The two defeats humanity had suffered previously had pushed humanity up against a wall with the ocean at their back and nowhere to escape. Marching West was now their only way forward, both for the acquisition of more resources and as a strategic move against the demons.</p>
    <p>The First Army must gain control of the Taquila ruins if the people of Greycastle were to settle in the plains properly. Without a source of God's stones, the demons would not be able to build their obelisks, and Greycastle could then safely expand its borders. This would give them the chance to either continue on with Graycastle's development or prepare a counterattack on the demons.</p>
    <p>After all, humans were not restricted by the red mist.</p>
    <p>With technology development, the First Amy's weapons' effective range would also improve.</p>
    <p>"Yes, Your Majesty!" Everyone shouted.</p>
    <p>After the meeting, Roland went back to his office, and Nightingale served him red tea that she had prepared beforehand.</p>
    <p>"Good work."</p>
    <p>She had a carefree expression on and the dried fish that was dangling from her mouth meant that she was in a good mood.</p>
    <p>"Ah… Thank you," Roland picked up the fragrant tea. He suddenly recalled the words that Anna had said last night and gazed at Nightingale.</p>
    <p>What was the promise that Anna talked about? She did not explain in detail last night, but Nightingale was present at both the inauguration ceremony in the morning and the wedding in the evening. It did not seem like she had time to fulfill any sort of a "promise".</p>
    <p>This issue still puzzled him.</p>
    <p>Also, Roland felt that if he asked them directly, no one would give him an answer.</p>
    <p>"What's wrong?" At that moment, Roland heard Nightingale's voice next to his ear, "Do you think I look good today?"</p>
    <p>"No … Ermm," He quickly sipped his tea to cover up his bewildered expression, "I mean, not bad…"</p>
    <p>"So do I look good or not?" Nightingale leaned down and looked Roland deep in the eyes. Roland could smell the sweet smell of her hair. "Your heart is in turmoil," Nightingale observed.</p>
    <p>Before he could reply, she went away and leaned on a chair, chewing her dried fish, seemingly pleased with herself.</p>
    <p>Realizing that she was only teasing him, Roland shook his head, yet at the same felt glad that she didn't pursue the matter.</p>
    <p>However, one thing was certain.</p>
    <p>She was still the Nightingale he had always known.</p>
    <p>...</p>
    <p>Western Region, in the sky above the snow-covered Barbarian Lands.</p>
    <p>"What is our current speed?"</p>
    <p>No reply.</p>
    <p>Lighting could only hear the sound of wind gushing past her ear and she could hardly even open her mouth. If she tried to speak right now, her tongue would probably be torn apart by the headwind. She had no choice but to synchronize with her magic power.</p>
    <p>The freezing sensation disappeared in an instant and the sound of wind became somewhat bearable.</p>
    <p>"Maggie, what is our speed now?" She asked again.</p>
    <p>"Let me check, Coo!" Maggie stuck her head out from Lightning shirt, "It's about two times faster than a gray eagle, coo."</p>
    <p>This was most likely related to a beast's sharp instincts, but Maggie had a great sense of speed. So bringing her along was much more convenient than using magic power to measure their speed.</p>
    <p>"Three hundred kilometer per hour?" Lightning sighed. When a gray eagle dived to catch a prey from the sky, its speed can reach up to hundred fifty kilometers per hour and almost no prey could dodge the attack. Now that Lightning had far surpassed the top speed of the eagle, she did not seem to feel glad wholeheartedly.</p>
    <p>Three hundred kilometers…. This was the limit without synchronization.</p>
    <p>After her magic powers had evolved, she spent a lot of time to get used to her new ability and learn the technique to control the level of magic power. In other words, if she can handle the discomfort under high-speed flight, then she would be able to minimize the use of her magic power.</p>
    <p>To deal with this problem, Roland had provided her with a new set of equipment, including a pair of wind goggles, clothes with a double-layer thermal insulator, smaller backpack, and decreased the weight of the gears to the minimum.</p>
    <p>All these adjustments helped her break her record, yet there still seemed to be limitations due to her body. It seemed like three hundred kilometer per hour was a bar that could not be passed.</p>
    <p>Moreover, there was a drastic increase in the use of magic power after synchronizing.</p>
    <p>Lightning couldn't help but admire the robust body of that Extraordinary, Ashes.</p>
    <p>Of course, every witch's ability is determined at birth, and the only thing she could do now was to work hard to get stronger.</p>
    <p>Perhaps she could ask Lorgar about training a tougher body after they returned to Neverwinter.</p>
    <p>"Heads up, Coo!" Maggie shouted while in her arms, "We are already a hundred kilometers away from the Taquila ruins!"</p>
    <p>"Ah okay…" Lightning closed her eyes, felt the magic reserves in her body and then smiled, "Then let's give the demons a nice surprise."</p>
    <p>After she had finally gotten used to her new ability, His Majesty finally agreed to let her satisfy her explorer's cravings… Wait no, her request to scout. Even if she only flew at her slowest speed, those stupid demons would only be able to bite the dust. She would not encounter any danger as long as she planned her magic expenditures well.</p>
    <p>However, Lightning was not satisfied. She still remembered that time three years ago in the Barbarian Lands where she was scared stiff upon seeing an ice sculpture of a demon under the Taquila ruins. This is something she must redeem herself in as an explorer.</p>
    <p>Fear stems from the unknown, and demons were no longer some terrifying creatures of the myths.</p>
    <p>"Lighting, going full throttle!"</p>
    <p>After she heard that, the pigeon quickly ducked her head and hid under the young girl's clothes.</p>
    <p>Lightning kept on accelerating, and despite the protection from synchronizing, she could still hear the sound of wind tearing past her getting louder and louder, from an initially high-pitched screech to a deep rumble. Their views blurred as Lightning sped up even more, and eventually, the white plains under them looked like melting cheese, flowing past as they flew.</p>
    <p>Then that moment came.</p>
    <p>With a boom, there came utter silence.</p>
    <p>It was as if she shook off the restraints the world had on her, as wind and snow was left flying past her, and the whole sky became her playground.</p>
    <p>Like what the King had said earlier, she was now the one who left sound trailing behind.</p>
    <p>No matter how many times she repeated this, Lighting would not get bored of it.</p>
    <p>Sometimes she had thought that she was born just for this moment.</p>
    <p>After a few minutes, the Taquila ruins rose above the horizon.</p>
    <p>What surprised her was that the land around the ruins had suddenly changed color. It looked like the muddy ground after the snow had melted. Yet, as she looked harder, she realized that the muddled background was a mixture of flesh and blood! Coal-black demonic beasts were swarming towards the ruins and smashed into the defense lines of the demons like waves splashing onto a shore.</p>
    <p>Before their bodies broke into pieces.</p>
  </body>
</html>
