<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 408: The Conundrum</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 408: The Conundrum</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>He couldn't believe that she was digging holes for him using the books that he wrote himself.</p>
    <p>When faced with such complicated information, most people struggled to even understand it, let alone to notice its flaws—it was pretty unbelievable that there was no mention of magic power at all in a science book studying the nature of everything in the world.</p>
    <p>Roland had also completely wiped the Fourth Prince's memories from his mind, and besides trying to mimic the Prince during his first month after traversing the space and time, he never considered it ever again. His ministers were afraid to question him, and he didn't have to hide who he was from the witches, so he became more and more careless.</p>
    <p>However, Tilly was no ordinary witch.</p>
    <p>Besides being Prince Roland's sister, she was also an Extraordinary.</p>
    <p>Not only was she able to quickly finish all of his books, but she also shrewdly noticed this inconsistency. Her logic was just as clear as that of any modern person who had undergone universal education. In addition, she used leading questions to prove her point so that he had no chance of arguing his way out.</p>
    <p>This was a disaster.</p>
    <p>Roland's brain was spinning with frantic thoughts, but he had no idea how to respond to her. Any forced explanation to someone who could notice this inconsistency would only arouse more suspicion, and lying to cover a lie would only create even more issues.</p>
    <p>Tilly broke the awkward silence and said gently, "You don't have to answer me right now. It's late, and I'm going back to the Witch House. You should get some rest too, Your Highness."</p>
    <p>"Um... Okay." Roland stared into the eyes of this grey-haired woman, trying to understand her thoughts, and forgot to send her off.</p>
    <p>Tilly stopped at his office door, turned around and asked, "I can trust you, right?"</p>
    <p>Usually, Roland would have confidently agreed, but in that moment, he found himself struggling to respond and could only manage a slow nod.</p>
    <p>After the door closed, Nightingale said, confused, "How could she just leave like that?"</p>
    <p>"Why do you look so upset?" Roland scoffed at her.</p>
    <p>"I was so close to hearing about your true life story!" Nightingale stuck out her tongue. "Why didn't she press on you harder?</p>
    <p>"Because she didn't want to risk our friendship." The Prince heavily sighed.</p>
    <p>"What?"</p>
    <p>"No... nothing." Roland leaned back in his chair and felt a chill on his back. Tilly's behavior was absolutely perfect because she didn't push him too far. Border Town was definitely the biggest ally to the Sleeping Island, and allies were more important than identities in the face of their enemies. If she strained their relationship by asking too much, it would only mean bad news for the witches of the Sleeping Island.</p>
    <p>That was why Tilly left him some time to recover after posing her question. However, this didn't mean that she didn't need an answer, and if he kept dragging his feet, he could also lose her trust right after they defeated their enemies together. She had made her move, and it was time for him to respond.</p>
    <p>However, Roland couldn't tell Tilly the truth, at least not at the moment—Anna and Nightingale were different because they knew only him from the very beginning, but Tilly was Prince Roland's little sister. Until he figured out what her real thoughts on her brother were, he would have to keep this secret to himself.</p>
    <p>He shook his head and dismissed these annoying thoughts. Roland turned to Nightingale and said, "You heard our conversation earlier, too. What do you think about checking out the situation with Maggie and Lightning?"</p>
    <p>"No problem, Your Highness."</p>
    <p>"It's not just going to be a simple chat... To be honest, I'm a little worried about you," he slowly said.</p>
    <p>"Wha... what's there to be worried about?" Nightingale stuttered. "I... I'm fine, even if I have to drag her back... "</p>
    <p>"That's exactly what I'm worried about!" Roland slammed on the table. "What do you mean drag her back? Are you trying to have her tear us to shreds? Listen, you have to be careful this time and check out the situation before you confront Spear Passi. It's alright if she refuses; just don't threaten her—as a fellow witch, she'll be no stranger to you."</p>
    <p>"Uh... is that all?" she asked disappointedly.</p>
    <p>"That's all in regards to witches." Roland frowned. "Additionally, you need to help Lightning record the layout of Fallen Dragon Ridge's surroundings, fortifications, sentries, and armies, and then return as quickly as possible."</p>
    <p>Nightingale murmured in acknowledgment.</p>
    <p>"And finally," Roland said, pausing, "be safe. This's the most important thing."</p>
    <p>*******************</p>
    <p>"Can we get another pint of ale over here?"</p>
    <p>"Hey, is my oatmeal ready?"</p>
    <p>"Coming, coming! Sorry for the wait!"</p>
    <p>Otto Luoxi entered the pub, Covert Trumpeter, and was instantly surrounded by chaotic chatter. A crackling fire warmed him, and a smell of sour and musty body odor made him cringe. As a nobility, Otto rarely set foot into commoners' areas and was not used to being in close quarters with them. If not for his appointment with the Rats, he wouldn't be caught dead in this backalley pub in the outer city.</p>
    <p>Following local rules, he quickly found his target—a skinny man wearing a hood sitting in an unlit corner of the pub, enveloped in the shadows. A small piece of bone lay next to his hand.</p>
    <p>Otto sat across the man and said, "Cheers to Skeleton Fingers."</p>
    <p>"You don't have liquor to give cheers."</p>
    <p>"But I have the thing measuring all things on earth." He spoke the code word.</p>
    <p>The man shrugged. "Call me Hood. I heard you're here to get some information?"</p>
    <p>Otto nodded. While Timothy was stalling on giving him a response, he hadn't been able to rest and was busy asking around about the rebel king—someone who could hold the Western Territory for half a year after the king's ascension and completely stump Timothy was surely with a force to be reckoned with.</p>
    <p>The fastest way to gain as much information as possible was through the Rats.</p>
    <p>This was the sixth Rat Otto had spoken to, and the information he had gained startled him. The legendary rebel king, Roland Wimbledon, fourth son of King Wimbledon III, was not showing any signs of weakening and was even challenging the new king with the threat of an attack to dethrone Timothy.</p>
    <p>This man was also true to his word—although Timothy went to great lengths to hide the news, Otto was still able to find out about the strange collapse in King's City. If this news was true, an alliance with Timothy was questionable at best. He needed to get to the bottom of all this to protect the Kingdom of Dawn.</p>
    <p>"That's right," Otto Luoxi whispered. "I want to know about the giant crash and collapse in the King's City palace three months ago."</p>
  </body>
</html>
