<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1224: The Remedy</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1224: The Remedy</p>
    <p>Translator: Transn Editor: Transn</p>
    <p>"How do you know her?"</p>
    <p>Lan said placidly, "Although I was born here, it doesn't mean I know nothing about your world. Have you heard of the 'Realm of Mind' or the Origin of Magic?"</p>
    <p>Roland immediately thought of Kabradhabi's statement. His hand that was going to reach out to the broken cup on the floor paused in the air for a second. Then he suddenly threw himself over the table and asked Lan in a low voice, "Is she in the Realm of Mind?"</p>
    <p>"Of course not, but she left a mark in the Realm of Mind. Anyone who has sufficient power will leave a mark in the Realm of Mind." Lan paused for a second before she resumed, "I know what you want to ask about. You want to know how to bring her back to life and then do it yourself. You also want to know how to stop the Battle of Divine Will. However, I have to tell you that we don't have much time."</p>
    <p>"What do you mean?"</p>
    <p>"People will eventually fade out of the Realm of Mind. This process is irreversable. Even if you know the method, you probably won't have enough time to suit the action to the plan, and this isn't the worst scenario yet."</p>
    <p>"What's the worst scenario?"</p>
    <p>"The Dream World has intruded God's mind, and He won't let things keep going like this. "In other words, when God believes that nothing could put things back on track, He'll destroy the two worlds. The situation is even more pressing than you think, and that's why I made up my mind to persuade you," Lan said slowly. "Child, help me, and you'll be also helping yourself."</p>
    <p>"Sounds quite convincing," Roland commented sarcastically. "But you just said that the truth was what I understand. In other words, you can be lying to me right now, including the part about bringing Ashes back to life."</p>
    <p>Lan heaved a deep sigh and leaned against the chair. "You can think that way as well, as I don't want to give you false hopes. I did so because I do want you to trust me."</p>
    <p>Roland fell silent.</p>
    <p>For Roland, it was a tough choice to make.</p>
    <p>Lan's argument was quite solid. Roland had indeed heard a lot about the threat to the Dream World from the magic creature. He was certain that these magic creatures aimed to destroy this world. After hearing Lan's explanation, Roland believed that those creatures were actually God's "underlings".</p>
    <p>However, he could not trust Lan completely without confirming the validity of the information himself. All the information that Lan had just related to him regarding the potential harm to God was just her version of the story. It might be totally wrong, and Roland could not jump to the conclusion based on false information.</p>
    <p>However, he had not enough time to verify himself.</p>
    <p>Under such circumstances, the only way was to take risks.</p>
    <p>Roland closed his eyes and remembered that Tilly had cried her eyes out that night. He had noticed that the painful loss had dimmed the light in her eyes, as though a gemstone once dazzling was now incubated in a light sheet of dust. Some people maintained that such a change marked spiritual maturity. Only when one truly lost something would he began to cherish what he used to have. Roland dismissed such an absurd theory. A mature person would never allow himself to lose what he cherished and certainly would not let himself wallow in pain.</p>
    <p>If he could bring Ashes back to life, he would do everything he could to attain his end.</p>
    <p>Roland suppressed his excitement and put up a perturbed look as he sat down again across the table.</p>
    <p>"I can't trust you just yet. I need to hear how you're going to bring her back to life?"</p>
    <p>"It doesn't conflict with what I want you to help me with. In fact, they're actually the same thing," Lan said slowly. "First of all, you have to get into the Realm of Mind in both worlds simultaneously. Otherwise, we won't be able to proceed."</p>
    <p>Roland asked in surprise, "Two worlds? Hang on, are you saying that the so-called Origin of Magic does exist?"</p>
    <p>"That's right. It's not something intangible but a physical entity. It's entirely different from the hollow created by the Erosion," Lan replied while nodding. "In fact, it's at the north end of the Land of Dawn, and we call it the Bottomless Land."</p>
    <p>Roland's heart skipped a beat. He had heard this word somewhere else.</p>
    <p>"But the demons have taken over the north. You know demons, right? They're my enemy in this Battle of Divine Will."</p>
    <p>"I can't help you with anything regarding the other world. God forbids me to interfere with the Battle of Divine Will. You must find a way out yourself," Lan said flatly. "Beat them and get to the Bottomless Land. If you fail, then it'll be over."</p>
    <p>That was why Lan said even if he knew the method, he wouldn't have much time to achieve his goal.</p>
    <p>Roland pondered for a while and then said, "Alright. I'm going to wipe the demons off the face of the Land of Dawn anyway. Then how to get to the Realm of Mind in the Dream World? It's not a real world after all, so it won't be that hard, right?"</p>
    <p>"Before I answer you, I want to ask you something," Lan said as she looked through the window. "Do you really think that this world is a fake one?"</p>
    <p>Roland stiffened for a second and also rested his eyes on the people outside. There were fewer people now on the street after the rush hour. Many vendors were taking a rest, and some were ready to head back home in contentment. Others were reading newspaper while smoking cigarettes.</p>
    <p>Now, the students and young professionals were all gone. The elders started to come out and head to grocery stores. When they passed the Rose Café, they cast contemptuous glances at the shop and exchanged murmurs with a derisive air.</p>
    <p>Roland knew that if he went out there and argued with them, these elder people might retort fiercely. The verbal altercation might also attract many curious, gloating onlookers. Roland certainly did not want to become the center of an improvised show.</p>
    <p>He found it hard to admit that this world was real.</p>
    <p>"How to define reality?" Lan murmured absent-mindedly. "Must a living being have a physical body? If this entity has consciousness and emotions, isn't it enough to be alive, even though it's in the form of energy?"</p>
    <p>"Well, I think it is."</p>
    <p>Lan turned around and said, "Then protect this world. Once it's destroyed, everything here will disappear. It'll be a greater loss than anything in the other world. If you lose this Dream World, then you'll be shut out from the Realm of Mind forever."</p>
    <p>"Is the entrance to the Realm of Mind in this city?"</p>
    <p>"Actually, you're in the Realm of Mind right now," Lan corrected him. "This is the Realm of Mind."</p>
    <p>Roland's eyes were wide open.</p>
    <p>In other words, his body was still in Neverwinter, whereas his mind was at the Bottomless Land in the north of the continent thousands of miles away?</p>
  </body>
</html>
