<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1025: The Dispute over Ideas (II)</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1025: The Dispute over Ideas (II)</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>He was right.</p>
    <p>May could tell that Kajen Fels did not change. At least, he still stuck to his pure faith in dramas, the exact faith that made him so frank to her and still stick to his opinion even though he was asking for her help.</p>
    <p>In Kajen's opinion, someone who sincerely loved drama was sure to make room for a perfect play.</p>
    <p>But she found that she could not easily answer "yes".</p>
    <p>Something had stopped her.</p>
    <p>May closed her eyes, the girl's voice coming back to her ears.</p>
    <p>"Mrs. Lannis, please wait..."</p>
    <p>"This is a little token of my gratitude. Please do accept it..."</p>
    <p>Then a salted fish was handed over to her.</p>
    <p>At that moment, May understood what was stopping her.</p>
    <p>She opened her eyes and held the Master Dramatist's gaze.</p>
    <p>This time, she would not evade the issue anymore.</p>
    <p>There was so much rhetoric she could put in her answer to make it sound both polite and pleasant. First, she could compliment him, and then she might use the "but" to explain the fact that the magic movie was utterly different from the ordinary dramas and was made under an imperial order.</p>
    <p>Kajen Fels knew almost nothing about Neverwinter, nor did he have any idea of the peculiarity of Star Flower Troupe and how much His Majesty had valued those dramas she had played. He had made a mistake from the very beginning. If she could make him understand how wrong he was, it might be a good time to clear up any misapprehensions between them and even change Kajen's bad impression of her.</p>
    <p>But May knew in her heart that it was just another kind of evading.</p>
    <p>"Mr. Kajen, have you prepared the show only for His Majesty?"</p>
    <p>"And the nobles, ministers, and lords who will participate in the ceremony," Kajen said, nodding. "A show will lose its meaning without the matching audience, no matter how wonderful it is."</p>
    <p>Like gold matching with jewels and fine wine with exquisite cups, only the careful and attentive audience could understand the very meaning of the actors' every expression and action and appreciate the true perfection of the play.</p>
    <p>That was true.</p>
    <p>"Then I'm sorry that I can't promise you," May said seriously, "because your drama will by no means be perfect."</p>
    <p>"Wha-what?" The old man frowned. "What makes you say so? You haven't seen it."</p>
    <p>"Because the audience will just enjoy the show however wonderful it is," May said and she felt the strength upwelling from the bottom of her heart. "They'll applaud, praise, and talk about it perhaps when they're enjoying their afternoon tea. But that's all. The play is just one of numerous entertainments, and their life will be just the same whether they see it or not. How could you call a thing perfect if it's dispensable to people?"</p>
    <p>Kajen Fels scowled. For a creator, his drama was like a child to him and he would never accept such a remark easily. "I thought your pursuit of fame has blinded you, but I didn't expect that kind of arrogance from you. So, are you telling me that you've seen a perfect drama?"</p>
    <p>"I haven't," May said frankly. "But I know what it should be like."</p>
    <p>Kajen looked into her eyes, his gaze sharp as knives. Years of experience had given him an imposing aura of authority, which was intimidating to every junior in the drama circle.</p>
    <p>He was obviously waiting for her explanation, but May knew that no answer would please him.</p>
    <p>She did not retreat.</p>
    <p>There was no doubt that what she was about to say would result in her parting most of her fellows in the drama circle and taking a path that none of them had ever seen nor could understand. By then, the criticism on her would be much worse or even lead to breaking off all the relationships between her and those people.</p>
    <p>She was going to pay a high price, wasn't she?</p>
    <p>She asked herself.</p>
    <p>There was a voice answering her.</p>
    <p>But it's worth fighting for.</p>
    <p>May answered, "A great drama shouldn't be something just for people to enjoy or an entertainment that the nobles would seek only when they're free. It deserves more than that. Sometimes it can even change people's fate."</p>
    <p>"'The Witch Diaries' helped people to understand what a witch is so that the witches could clear the stigma they didn't deserve. 'Dawn' encouraged people to work and get rid of poverty and hunger so that many people could start a much better life. 'New City' intuitively showed the new migrants how to comply with the rules of Neverwinter, and rooted out the Rats that had hidden in them. 'The Hero's Life'..."</p>
    <p>She paused and said slowly, "helped a sad girl to get back on her feet and start a new life. I know that there are many people who lost their families in the war. I'm very glad that my drama could give them help, no matter how many people could benefit from it."</p>
    <p>"What exactly are you trying to say?" Kajen asked grimly.</p>
    <p>"You told me that the most excellent drama was able to let the watchers identify with what the character had experienced in their life, but I want more. I want my drama to help the audience see their own future," May said honestly. "The nobles could always find alternatives to the jewels and exquisite cups if they lack them, while my drama is the food that can feed up a lot of people."</p>
    <p>For the first time, her words reduced Kajen to silence.</p>
    <p>"I have no doubt that your drama will be very exciting after two years of preparation, but I'm also confident that the upcoming 'Wolf Princess' will be equally mind-blowing. We only spent more than a month on rehearsal and some of us haven't even acted before, but, still, it'll be the best drama I've ever seen." May curtsied and went on, "If you still hold to your original opinion about our drama after you watch it, then I'll recommend your new play to His Majesty for you."</p>
    <p>May felt much better after she had left the Whistling Hotel, to the point even her steps became springy.</p>
    <p>Just as she stepped out of the alley, she saw Carter Lannis waiting on the street.</p>
    <p>"Why are you here?" May was surprised.</p>
    <p>"Irene told me that you left with Mr. Kajen's man. I'm a little worried." Carter shrugged. "After all, I'm going to stop by the Convenience Market to buy some food for dinner."</p>
    <p>"Really?" May glanced at him. "Have you already known what had happened at the hotel that day?"</p>
    <p>"You ate less that night. It was obvious to me." Chief Knight said proudly.</p>
    <p>"Hang on..." She stopped abruptly. "Did you ask City Hall to reject Kajen Troupe's application for his performance?"</p>
    <p>"Ah?" Carter raised his eyebrow. "What are you talking about? Whose application for performance did I reject?"</p>
    <p>Mey stared at him for a moment before she let out a sigh of relief. "No, nothing..."</p>
    <p>"Hey, are you hiding something from me again?"</p>
    <p>"It's not important anyway..." She laughed. "You haven't bought the ingredients for dinner, have you?"</p>
    <p>"No, what would you like to eat?"</p>
    <p>"Um, how about salted fish?"</p>
    <p>"Salted fish? I remember you don't like pickled food... It took you many days to finish the fish that the little girl gave to you last time."</p>
    <p>"I like it now. What? Do you have an opinion?" May interrupted him and then reached out her right hand to him. "Do you want to come with me or not?"</p>
    <p>"Of course." The Knight took her hand without hesitation. "Anything you want."</p>
    <p>...</p>
  </body>
</html>
