<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1096: His Expertise</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1096: His Expertise</p>
    <p>Translator: Transn Editor: Transn</p>
    <p>It was Roland's first time meeting this preeminent actor and screenwriter, his hair half gray, his face half hidden in his bushy and tangled beards, his black tuxedo crisp, and his tie neatly around his neck. Like a man from a portrait, he looked old-fashioned and antiquated.</p>
    <p>Roland pictured his portrait hung on a wall, with a caption underneath.</p>
    <p>Although Kajen was an elderly man, his eyes had not yet aged. After a bow, the screenwriter directly rested his eyes on Roland. Apparently, it was not his first time having an encounter with a royal family member.</p>
    <p>"Your Majesty, this is Sir Kajen Fels," Barov introduced the man while massaging his hands in exuberance. "He's the best actor and screenwriter in Graycastle and is also very well known across the Four Kingdoms. Back in the old king's city, I was a frequent visitor to the Central Theater and I liked Mr. Kajen's work very much."</p>
    <p>"You act like a child... You're the Hand of the King. Can't you behave more like an adult?" thought Roland while twitching his lips</p>
    <p>"Good morning, Your Majesty," said Kajen as he clapped his hand over his chest. "Now I know why you don't watch new plays."</p>
    <p>"Really?" Roland seated himself in the host chair and said, "Why?"</p>
    <p>"You're... too young," Kajen replied slowly. "You're much younger than I thought."</p>
    <p>"Are you saying that a person who doesn't have a great deal of experience of life doesn't have the capability to understand your plays?" Roland would have been a little affronted at such imprudent comments if he had still been the lord of Border Town. However, as he grew older, he became more unflappable in such a situation.</p>
    <p>But his tone, which dropped dramatically at Kajen's words, clearly indicated that he was not very pleased.</p>
    <p>Barov shot Kajen a warning look.</p>
    <p>"No, Your Majesty. I'm not referring to your age but your spirit," Kajen explained while shaking his head. "Youth has nothing to do with a person's age. I've seen many nobles who live like old men in their prime. Likewise, a man who has crept in his decrepitude doesn't necessarily mean he's old." His smile became a little self-mocking at this point. "I thought I was very young, but now I realize life doesn't have a limit."</p>
    <p>"Can I take your words as a compliment?" Roland said as he raised his brows.</p>
    <p>"We can't say a young spirit is good and an old spirit bad, Your Majesty." To Roland's surprise, Kajen did not answer his question directly but went on, "A person with a young spirit can be motivated, audacious, curious, and the list goes on. However, he may also lose himself or even bring upon himself swift destruction while pursuing his goal, so..."</p>
    <p>"Ahem, Mr. Kajen —" Barov interrupted him in a low voice.</p>
    <p>"Ah, sorry, please don't take my words too seriously," said the dramatist, who had just realized he had spoken more than he was allowed to. "I'm an old man who has seen a lot of things, so I often have some crazy ideas. Please forgive my impertinence."</p>
    <p>"That's fine," said Roland, who waved his hand and started to take a liking to Kajen. "Let's get down to the business. Barov told me that you want to work on my plays or join the Star Flower Troupe. Why's that?"</p>
    <p>Kajen replied straight away, "I want to know more about the Magic Movie."</p>
    <p>"So he's trying to achieve his goal in a roundabout way after I turned him down," thought Roland.</p>
    <p>"You don't mind working on plays you disdain?"</p>
    <p>"I'm not saying those plays aren't good..." Kajen explained. "I just feel that each show should be well planned beforehand so that actors can learn from it. Otherwise, they not only waste their time and talent but also fail their audience."</p>
    <p>"But your audience isn't nobles, and I don't have much time for rehearsals. If you join the Star Flower Troupe, very likely you'll be forced to act in a play that doesn't meet your standards, and your name would potentially be ruined. Did you still want to join us?"</p>
    <p>"Your Majesty, I..."</p>
    <p>"I don't think it's a good idea for you to join the Star Flower Troupe," Roland talked over him. "The plays I plan to put on show are all meant to entertain the masses. Most of the actors will be from the Star Flower Troupe. I'm afraid I don't have any plays at the moment that will suit your taste or reflect your talent."</p>
    <p>This time, Barov started to eye Roland.</p>
    <p>"However..." Roland ignored Barov's meaningful blink and said, "I have something else for you."</p>
    <p>"Yes, please," Kajen said eagerly as he leaned forward.</p>
    <p>"In fact, I'm planning to write a play about a romance in a dark time, which actually happened during the rebellion of the Church of Hermes." Roland then briefly introduced the basic structure of the story. "I've heard that you're expert in plays about love and redemption, so let's make it a pilot project. If your play turns out to be a great success, I'll consider about your request next time I film the Magic Movie. How does that sound?"</p>
    <p>After Roland seized the new and old Holy Cities, he told the public that the culprit of all the atrocious crimes was the false pope. The real pope had been killed a long time ago. Now, a new church agent had been appointed and he would fully support Graycastle to fight the Battle of Divine Will.</p>
    <p>After more than one year of advertisement, the public gradually accepted the "new history". Now it was time to further uncover the origin of the Battle of Faiths and the church. Once the masses learned the truth, they would view the new church as a completely separate organization from the usurper's and the church that had persecuted the witches. The new church, therefore, would become a part of Neverwinter's political body.</p>
    <p>"Is the play you're talking about based on a true story?" Kajen asked. "Can I meet the two main characters in the play?"</p>
    <p>"They're currently in the Kingdom of Wolfheart, waiting for rescue." Roland said, shrugging. "But I think you should know what 'based on' means..."</p>
    <p>"Of course," Kajen confirmed with a nod. "The plays I wrote in the past are also based on royal legends and myths, and I had to avoid using any identifiable family names and family history, but..."</p>
    <p>"But what...?"</p>
    <p>Kajen hesitated for a moment and replied determinedly, "Your Majesty, although it's definitely a new experience for me, I would like to join your rescue team if you allow me to. I want to watch this operation. It'll be very helpful for me to understand their story."</p>
    <p>"Even though this requires you to pay a visit to the Kingdom of Wolfheart?"</p>
    <p>"I don't think I can picture those details in my head, and I don't want to miss the opportunity you've given me," Kajen said cordially. "I can assure you that I won't cause any trouble to your team. My health has not failed me yet, and I have my student to take care of me."</p>
  </body>
</html>
