<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1112: The Truth</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1112: The Truth</p>
    <p>Translator: Transn Editor: Transn</p>
    <p>Farrina had a dream.</p>
    <p>The swish of a whip, the malicious imprecation of her enemy, and the excruciating pain all started to fade away.</p>
    <p>She found herself in a plain white room with polished, reflective floor.</p>
    <p>She did not know where this room led. The only thing in her view was a lofty stone door, behind which came faintly some beautiful and eerie music.</p>
    <p>"This is probably what the afterlife world looks like," she thought.</p>
    <p>After she passed through that door, she would be able to rest in peace.</p>
    <p>Farrina could still not reconcile with herself to the fact that she had failed to kill the traitor and revenge the church.</p>
    <p>She also felt sorry for failing Tucker Torr, realizing that she was not capable of such an important task and certainly was not a good leader.</p>
    <p>That was all she could do.</p>
    <p>The only thing that gave her some solace was that she did not yield.</p>
    <p>Farrina had thought she would surrender when that hot red iron needle had sunk into her flesh. Thinking back, she could not believe that she had actually made it.</p>
    <p>If she had pleaded for mercy at that time, she would now be too mortified to face her companions who had sacrificed themselves for the church.</p>
    <p>However, she soon brushed these thoughts off her mind.</p>
    <p>She was dying.</p>
    <p>There was nothing she could do now.</p>
    <p>Farrina ambled to the stone door.</p>
    <p>It was rumored that there was no pain or sadness in the world behind the door. Time was frozen in God's kingdom, and everything there lived an eternal life, looking perpetually young and fresh.</p>
    <p>She should feel happy about it, but somehow she just couldn't.</p>
    <p>Why?</p>
    <p>"Farrina..."</p>
    <p>Lost and confused, she suddenly heard a distant, misty voice.</p>
    <p>She remembered.</p>
    <p>That was Joe.</p>
    <p>Joe had not participated in the operation, so Lorenzo had not caught him. She was just hallucinating.</p>
    <p>Farrina instantly felt relieved even though she knew this was not real.</p>
    <p>"I see," she thought.</p>
    <p>She realized that she just did not want to leave for that world alone.</p>
    <p>Even though she had been abandoned and assigned to a task far beyond her capability, she still wanted to feel needed.</p>
    <p>She did not want to be alone anymore.</p>
    <p>"Don't go. Could you stay with me for a while?"</p>
    <p>"I'll be with you..." the voice said inarticulately. "Wherever you go, I'll always be with you... until death do us part!"</p>
    <p>That would be... enough.</p>
    <p>An illusion would do.</p>
    <p>The memories of that cold winter seemed to come back again, when a carriage had stopped before her just as she had been about to fall on the way to Hermes.</p>
    <p>Farrina stepped on the doorsteps leading to the stone door and pushed it open.</p>
    <p>"Thank you."</p>
    <p>Dazzling light escaped from behind the door and blinded her.</p>
    <p>...</p>
    <p>When that light dissipated, Farrina opened her eyes and saw a swirling ceiling.</p>
    <p>"This is God's kingdom?" she wondered.</p>
    <p>It was not as fabulous as she had thought.</p>
    <p>Time did not stop either.</p>
    <p>She turned around and a familiar face swam into her view.</p>
    <p>Farrina asked hesitantly, "Joe?"</p>
    <p>Joe was lying on his face next to her, fast asleep. After she called his names several times, Joe opened his eyes blearily. Ecstatic, he exclaimed, "You, you finally woke up!"</p>
    <p>"Woke up?" Farrina said while drawing her brows together. "Didn't I just..." she broke off. The excruciating pain was back again.</p>
    <p>"You just passed out," Joe clapped his hand over her head. "Don't worry. Everything will be OK."</p>
    <p>Farrina stiffened. It took her a while to realize that she had not died. In fact, she had just escaped from the dungeon, which meant...</p>
    <p>"Lorenzo is..."</p>
    <p>"Dead."</p>
    <p>The surprising answer cheered Farrina up. She asked, "Really? How did you do that?"</p>
    <p>"I didn't kill him," Joe replied while shaking his head. "The King of Graycastle, Roland Wimbledon, killed him."</p>
    <p>Roland Wimbledon... This was the last name she wanted to hear. "What are you talking about? How is it possible that he would help us recover the Archduke Island?" With these words, Farrina looked around immediately. "Hang on... what's this place? Aren't we on the Archduke Island?" she asked.</p>
    <p>"We're now on the ship heading to Neverwinter of Graycastle. You were in a coma for three days. The medicine provided by the First Army saved you," Joe said softly. "Take it easy. I'll fill you in later."</p>
    <p>An hour later, Farrina finally knew what had happened.</p>
    <p>"As for the king's trial, the guard Sean told me that as long as you've never killed or persecuted a witch or a Graycastle citizen, you're not likely to be sentenced to death. You were a warrior of the Vanguard Battalion who fought against demonic beasts on the New Holy City, and I was an assistant priest. Neither of us met any witches. In other words, we'll all be alive!" said Joe.</p>
    <p>He got more and more excited as he went on, "Although you sustained severe injuries, a witch called Nana in Neverwinter can heal any wounds, as long as we pay! I'll find a way to get some money. I'll do everything to cure your legs!"</p>
    <p>To prevent her from escaping, Lorenzo had broken Farrina's hands and legs, and also smashed her knees with a hammer. Now, Farrina could neither stand nor walk. However, this was not what Farrina cared about.</p>
    <p>"Just because of me..."</p>
    <p>"What?"</p>
    <p>"Just because of me, you sold yourself to the devil!" Farrina hollered indignantly. "He destroyed the church and all our hopes! How could you do this to Pope Tucker Thor!" Her fierce accusation was soon replaced by a hacking cough.</p>
    <p>"Farrina!"</p>
    <p>"Don't you touch me!" Farrina bellowed, blood starting to trickle down the corner of her mouth. "The man... ruined the world and the entire human race. How could you ask him for help? My life is nothing to the Battle of Divine Will. What's the point of saving me? I would rather wait for him to fall — "</p>
    <p>"Clap, clap, clap."</p>
    <p>Someone applauded outside the room.</p>
    <p>"That's so touching. I didn't expect to have a mortal's support after over 400 years. Such a pleasant surprise," said a woman as she pushed open the door and entered.</p>
    <p>"I support the church that did its best to protect the human race, not the underlings of the King of Graycastle — " Farrina retorted fiercely despite the pain in her chest. However, she stopped dead as the woman came in. Farrina uttered an exclamation of surprise, "Army Commander... Enova?"</p>
    <p>For a split second, Farrina could not believe her eyes.</p>
    <p>The Martial Arts Hall of Fame in the New Holy City displayed the most distinguished and outstanding Judgement Army Warriors in the history, most of whom had received the highest award granted by the pope, which was the incarnation ceremony for the God's Punishment Warriors. As the commander of the Premium Corp of the Judgement Army, Enova had obtained the greatest achievement a female warrior could possibly dream of. Farrina had always viewed her as her role model.</p>
    <p>But... Enova was a person living over 100 years ago.</p>
    <p>"Go on," Zooey said as she leaned against the bed. "I want to know how much you really want to support us. Don't be shy. I haven't been flattered by a mortal for a very long time."</p>
  </body>
</html>
