<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1022: Divergence</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1022: Divergence</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>"What's this?" Victor pointed at the picture and asked, "A new play?"</p>
    <p>Twinkle leaned over and looked at the newspaper, "No, sir... This picture should be of the magic movie."</p>
    <p>"Magic movie?" It was another term which he had never heard of. It was so fantastic to be living in the future. The jewelry tradesman was eagerly asked, "Can you explain it in detail?"</p>
    <p>The maid answered a bit embarrassed, "Well... I don't know too much. The same picture was hung up several days ago in Central Square, but it was colored. I heard the magic movie is a brand-new performance and is only available on a special stage."</p>
    <p>"An art... beyond the times. Since he dares to use such words to describe it, the King of Graycastle must be extremely confident about it." Victor rubbed the slightly rough paper and thought, "It seems that this is worth looking forward to."</p>
    <p>He noticed that there were a few lines under the titles, which indicated the time and location of the performance and the way to purchase tickets.</p>
    <p>Victor's heart jumped at the words.</p>
    <p>Wait... The ticket costs 40 gold royals?</p>
    <p>How could that be possible? It surpassed the price of the top troupe in the City of Glow!</p>
    <p>He could afford this price, but would there be anyone else in the city willing to pay for a magic movie since they didn't even care for jewelry?</p>
    <p>No, there was still more... Victor frowned and continued to read. At the same time, he could not help murmuring, "Residents with Neverwinter ID card can get a special discount and a book ticket for 25 silver royals. Note: Tickets purchased at non-discounted prices offers a better viewing experience and reserved seating. Please order now. Tickets purchased at the discounted price do not include food and drinks; outside food and drink is not allowed. Please plan accordingly."</p>
    <p>These were really... two totally different prices!</p>
    <p>He had seen products with two prices, but never with such a drastic difference. In addition, most of these deals were conducted in private instead of being publicly advertised; otherwise, people who paid more would complain and it might be the last purchase from them. He was shocked by this!</p>
    <p>Not only was it directly written in the newspaper, it also added many restrictions. It seemed that people had to rush to get it even if they were willing to pay the higher price.</p>
    <p>However, he found that he was one of them...</p>
    <p>He had to admit, this selling tactic did have a strange kind of attraction. Those who could afford 40 gold royals must be wealthy merchants or nobles. Admission was a proof of his strength, not to mention he was full of curiosity about the magic movie.</p>
    <p>Victor jumped off the soft couch and put on his wolfskin coat.</p>
    <p>"Sir?" Twinkle whispered. She was extremely surprised, as she had taken off her clothes and put on a thin veil. She was lying in bed, waiting for Victor to join her. She was unsure of how to respond to this sudden change.</p>
    <p>Victor picked up her clothes and threw them to her. "Where can I buy tickets to the magic movie? Take me there, now!"</p>
    <p>***************</p>
    <p>The filming of "The Wolf Princess" had entered the final phase.</p>
    <p>The final battle of Princess Royal against the demon lord would start in the palace. Roland had emptied the first floor of the castle to make room for the filming.</p>
    <p>May, the Star of the Western Region, was currently in charge of the movie. In order for the new drama the best it could be, she even quit acting and devoted herself to directing the film.</p>
    <p>"Cut!" May called out when Lorgar kicked in the castle door and rushed into the hall. "Very good. Let's call it a day. Thank you all for your hard work."</p>
    <p>"Oh."</p>
    <p>"Thank you, master," the crew chorused.</p>
    <p>If it were her in the past, she would definitely roll her eyes toward them; however, now she just smiled and nodded.</p>
    <p>"This is probably a change brought on by time," May thought.</p>
    <p>She really had changed a lot since coming to Neverwinter.</p>
    <p>"Mind the broken wood," Carter Lannis, who was standing by, immediately approached. "Should I help you around it?"</p>
    <p>"Everyone is watching us. I can walk by myself," May replied, slightly embarrassed. Her husband had a good disposition, but he did not act as a stoic knight. She had no idea why His Majesty would choose him as the Chief Knight.</p>
    <p>"Then at least let me walk in front of you," Carter stepped over and swept out a path for her with his feet.</p>
    <p>His tall figure immediately obscured the sunshine coming in from the courtyard.</p>
    <p>May couldn't help smiling.</p>
    <p>However, she knew that she must hide her smile from him. Otherwise, he would be too proud and excited.</p>
    <p>"Are you ready for your scene tomorrow? Don't forget the lines when Miss Lorgar hits you."</p>
    <p>Speaking of the movie, Carter bitterly said, "Can you please ask her to be a little gentler? During the scene in the snowfield last time, I almost threw up. After she transforms into a wolf, she's nearly as strong as Ashes. Their strength is monstrous."</p>
    <p>"Don't you know? Actors should adapt to the play, but not the opposite. Not to mention the magic movie is more realistic than a play. "May said, smiling, "So the solution is very simple. Don't eat too much before filming your scene tomorrow."</p>
    <p>The Chief Knight did not know whether to laugh or cry. He shook his head and changed a topic, "By the way, guess who I met at the pier today?"</p>
    <p>"Well... your old lover?" May shrugged.</p>
    <p>"As if!" Carter hurriedly turned around and said, "It was Kajen Fels."</p>
    <p>May stopped moving and asked, "Really?"</p>
    <p>"Of course, he's a celebrity in King's City. I can't be mistaken." Noticing the change in her eyes, he grinned, "A lot of people got off the ship with him. I guess they're his troupe members. Other people also recognized Sir Kajen and it nearly caused a traffic jam in the pier area. How about it? Is this news worth a kiss?"</p>
    <p>"Yes!" May said, without hesitation. "I want to pay him a visit!"</p>
    <p>Kajen Fels, his name was almost synonymous with theater. Since he took to the stage, he had dazzled audiences for over 30 years. From the Southern Territory to the Northern Region, any actor who wanted to reach the top one could not avoid being compared with him. Since he was over 50 years old, he no longer performed the stage. He still worked behind the scenes and was a masterful playwrite. He still held great influence in the theater.</p>
    <p>When May went to King's City, it was in the play "Memoir of a Prince's Search for Love" written by him, that she stood on stage in front of royalty for the first time. Without Kajen Fels's guidance and praise, she would never have become famous so quickly nor be known as the Star of the Western Region.</p>
    <p>"I knew you would say that," Carter handed her a note. "I've already checked what hotel he's staying at. I have to supervise the craftsmen who are replacing the door, so I won't be able to accompany you."</p>
    <p>"Thank you!" May took the note with joy, "It doesn't matter. I can go with people from the troupe—" Then she looked at the members who were still arranging set pieces and props, and called out to them, "Irene, Tina, Rosia, Gait, Swallow! Come here!"</p>
    <p>That's right; Master Kajen must have come for Roland's coronation. When King Wimbledon III was crowned, it was Kajin's continuous performance that pushed the ceremony to the climax. Even if he did not perform on stage anymore, his troupe remained the most outstanding one in Graycastle. In the troupe, for example, Roentgen and Egrepo... were genius performers of different styles. If Irene and other actors could get some lessons or advise from them, it would certainly be a great help for their careers!</p>
    <p>As she expected, when they heard that they were going to visit Kajen Fels, they could not help cheering loudly. Gait even stammered excitedly, "Can, can we really meet Sir Kajen?"</p>
    <p>"It shouldn't be a problem," May said, shrugging. "But you guys have to work harder in the future so as not to waste this opportunity."</p>
    <p>"Yes! I'll definitely work harder and harder!" Tina replied, her eyes lighting up.</p>
    <p>"Let's go."</p>
    <p>They first stopped at the Convenience Market and bought some gifts. Then they went to the hotel where Master Kajen was staying—the Whistle Inn.</p>
    <p>A crowd of people who had heard of the news gathered on the hotel's lobby. Seeing May, they moved out of the way. Apparently, they were all fans of the Star Flower Troupe.</p>
    <p>Some people even took out paper and pen and seemed to be prepared to record the first encounter between the two troupes. They undoubtedly were reporters from the Ministry of Public Relations and Communications.</p>
    <p>However, to May's surprise, the receptionist returned with a cold face soon after coming back downstairs.</p>
    <p>"I'm sorry. Sir Kajen has never heard of the Star Flower Troupe and doesn't want to meet you, either. Please leave."</p>
  </body>
</html>
