<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1080: A New Station</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1080: A New Station</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>"Miss Sylvie has confirmed that there are no other demons nearby."</p>
    <p>"If the enemy launches an attack at this distance, we have at least five minutes to react."</p>
    <p>"That's enough for the anti-aircraft machine gun squad to prepare. How about the threat judgment?"</p>
    <p>"There is no Senior Demon among them. The threat to Her Highness is almost zero."</p>
    <p>"If we continue the construction, the greatest loss may be from the rail removal team, as it's inconvenient to evacuate such a large number of workers in a short time. It's estimated to result in one or two casualties."</p>
    <p>Everyone in the command post was busy analyzing the intelligence and discussing. Their conclusions were listed on the board. This was a habit gradually cultivated by the Staff members. In face of complicated and diverse information, written words left more of an impression than oral ones.</p>
    <p>"In conclusion," Ferlin Eltek, with a hand on his chest, said to Iron Axe, "we think that it's better to keep construction than to stop and defend. The demons will probably know our intention, but His Majesty already expected this. As for the four flying demons, we only need to be on the basic alert."</p>
    <p>In a word, the conclusion they got from all the information was "no threat".</p>
    <p>The General Staff assisted in analyzing the information and giving advice while Iron Axe was the final decision-maker. He realized that he totally agreed with the conclusion.</p>
    <p>The First Army was different from the ancient army 400 years ago. A vanguard unit of 5,000 soldiers was huge and would definitely not be affected by four Mad Demons. Even if they killed the demons at the price of the injuries and deaths of several workers, it would not be accounted as a loss for His Majesty's plan.</p>
    <p>After all, the risk of working in Barbarian Land had long since been written into the contract.</p>
    <p>Iron Axe looked at Edith, who did not say anything.</p>
    <p>At the command post, silence meant approval.</p>
    <p>"I got it. Order the construction team to continue working and the anti-aircraft machine gun squad to be on alert. The rest stand by as usual," Edith suddenly said when Iron Axe was ready to give orders to the lieutenant.</p>
    <p>Not to him, but to Agatha and Phyllis.</p>
    <p>"Do you have a way to swat those flies directly?"</p>
    <p>"Do you want us... to take the initiative to attack?" Agatha frowned.</p>
    <p>"That's right. I always feel it's not good to allow them to spy on us," the Pearl of the Northern Region nodded. "As I know, the two little girls who can fly have excellent combat ability, don't they? With the assistance of Lady of Dawn, they probably can kill all of the demons. This is beyond the capabilities of the First Army. Only you can do it."</p>
    <p>"Well..." Agatha hesitatively said, "In theory, they won't be in danger only when there are two demons. Otherwise, if the demons throw spears, they can hardly dodge at a short distance. Even if Andrea were to shoot a demon down, there would still be three demons..."</p>
    <p>She gradually stopped talking, as she found out what she said not so convincing.</p>
    <p>Since it was a war, the risk was unavoidable, not to mention this war was so important that it would determine the future of humankind. To get an opportunity of survival, thousands of witches had fought with and been killed by the demons. Lightning should not get special treatment.</p>
    <p>In fact, she had sensed Lightning's oddness since they had come to Fertile Plains. Though Lightning tried to hide it, Agatha, who had experienced the Battle of Divine Will, was not unfamiliar with this state, which was, the confusion after encountering an unimaginably powerful enemy. The strength of the enemy overpowered her and made her feel powerless. Even many Blessed Army witches who had been to the battlefield for many times could not get rid of it and had to use medicine or magic abilities to cure or wait to recover little by little by themselves.</p>
    <p>As long as they could defeat the demons, Agatha did not mind the risk. She was willing to participate in any extremely dangerous plans if they were beneficial enough. She believed that other Taquila survivors would make the same choice.</p>
    <p>Nonetheless, Lightning was different. Compelling her to confront with the demons in such state was not different from sending her to death.</p>
    <p>Agatha feared no risks but she could not push others to the abyss, especially her partners and sisters.</p>
    <p>After waking up again in Neverwinter, she realized that she had been changed a lot by these witches.</p>
    <p>"Well..." Edith raised her eyebrows but did not insist, "How about driving the demons away? They can conceal themselves by using the Magic Ark. Then Lady of Dawn can try to find an opportunity to shoot at the demons. Even one is better than nothing. I think it's better than allowing the demons to spy on us."</p>
    <p>Agatha looked at Iron Axe and said, "No problem. I'll inform the Special Action Team."</p>
    <p>...</p>
    <p>In the following days, a strange "chemistry" formed between the demons and the First Army.</p>
    <p>Nearly every day a team of Devilbeasts would wander around the outer defense line, and sometimes two or three teams would appear. They came from different directions. Nevertheless, as long as it was within Sylvie's vision, their actions were clearly monitored by her. The First Army would know their whereabouts before they entered the range which could be seen by naked eye.</p>
    <p>Since the demons probably failed to find an opportunity to launch an attack, they did not do anything except flying around.</p>
    <p>At the very beginning, the demons caused certain chaos in the construction team. Several days later, people became accustomed to it and devoted to their work even when the demons appeared. After all, the "potential threat" was far away from them while the wages were more attractive.</p>
    <p>The only "inharmonious part" came from Andrea.</p>
    <p>Every time when a demon was shot and fell down, the crowd would burst into loud cheers.</p>
    <p>It was completely unpredictable. Sometimes nothing would happen for a day, and sometimes the demons might be shot down for two or three times.</p>
    <p>Most people did not know the existence of the Special Action Team, but they realized that the army was taking counteractions.</p>
    <p>The workers even started a new type of gambling game.</p>
    <p>That was to guess the doomsday of the demons.</p>
    <p>They guessed how many demons would show up and how many could leave. This game became popular in their spare time.</p>
    <p>As the construction went smoothly, the First Army soon advanced to the second section of the railway.</p>
    <p>According to the combat plan, the railway line which was unprotected by the Misty Forest would be equipped with a station every 50 kilometers. The blockhouse built with concrete and steel could facilitate a small number of First Army soldiers to defend against demons multiple times. Meanwhile, the vanguard unit could coordinate with the previously stationed troops, and the logistics would also be more convenient.</p>
    <p>The area between the stations would be protected by the armored train which cruised on the railway. Even if the demons destroyed part of the rails, it would not be difficult to repair.</p>
    <p>With these stations, it would be impossible for the demons to destroy the "dark river" in a short time. The stations were like nails which facilitated the First Army to take roots on this fertile land.</p>
    <p>What they needed to do at present was to knock in the second nail— "Tower Station No.1".</p>
  </body>
</html>
