<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 550: The Slaughter</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 550: The Slaughter</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>It was Sylvie's first time seeing such an incredible method of movement.</p>
    <p>As Agatha moved, a mirror-like road, paved by crystal ice, would appear just ahead of her. She seemed to be floating along the road, almost as if the ground was pushing her forward. In a flash, she had arrived at the rear of the first Devilbeast.</p>
    <p>When Agatha stretched out her hands, the frost suddenly appeared around the grassland and it even started to snow! After a moment, the Devilbeast gave out a shriek and it tried to fly, only to find it could not move at all. Each of its four strong limbs had been frozen in place and the ice crystals continued to move up along them, completely freezing its body and wings in no time.</p>
    <p>Almost simultaneously, Maggie threw herself onto the back of the dancing Devilbeast and snapped at its neck with her huge crimson mouth. The Devilbeast was in such a panic and it wanted to get rid of Maggie. However, Maggie was much larger. The Devilbeast was like a baby beast that was being suppressed by a full-grown beast. Then, Maggie got a grip and broke its neck completely. At last, the Devilbeast was defeated and with a final swish of its tail, it shattered the poor frozen beast, smashing it to pieces.</p>
    <p>At this moment, the third Devilbeast began to realize what had just happened. Although it did not understand why its kind would kill each other, he knew something bad had happened and it spread its long wings and rose into the air.</p>
    <p>But it was too late.</p>
    <p>Agatha followed it and also "flew".</p>
    <p>Or rather, she was walking in the air.</p>
    <p>The ice crystals also extended to the Devilbeast and for a while, it formed a bridge in the air. Agatha ran along the ice bridge and soon she was close enough she could use her magic power to attack this Devilbeast.</p>
    <p>Sylvie could not help but cover her mouth in shock.</p>
    <p>Like a swift Viper, the ice bridge froze the tail of the Devilbeast and then quickly turned the rest of it into an ice sculpture.</p>
    <p>Probably due to the heavy weight of the frozen beast, the end of the ice bridge tilted, cracked, and then snapped. Agatha began to fall from the bridge, fortunately, Maggie caught her. However, the ice sculpture fell to the ground and broke into thousands of pieces.</p>
    <p>It took less than 20 seconds for them to kill all three of the demonic beasts.</p>
    <p>This was the way in which senior witches engaged in a combat!</p>
    <p>Sylvie could not help but feel envious of Agatha.</p>
    <p>...</p>
    <p>"Kacha."</p>
    <p>After checking the bullets in the barrel, Nightingale shut the cartridge.</p>
    <p>Just then, she heard Leaf's warnings about the changes made to the enemy attacks, and that plan A for the Melting Point Action had changed to plan B.</p>
    <p>That meant Iffy's task had been canceled and it was her turn to combat these enemies.</p>
    <p>But, what was most important was for them to provide opportunities for Anna to discharge the Sigil of God's Will.</p>
    <p>Nightingale could not help but recall Roland's words once she thought of Anna.</p>
    <p>"Anyway, take her back, please."</p>
    <p>"I'll leave it all to you."</p>
    <p>She clutched her chest and bit her lip.</p>
    <p>This plan should be completed with ease but she found an indescribable emotion in her heart.</p>
    <p>As the task became increasingly tougher, the emotion became unexpectedly stronger.</p>
    <p>"If the most terrible thing happened, that would mean Anna could also die..." she thought.</p>
    <p>"Oh, no—unless I die." Nightingale shook her head and suppressed this horrible idea. Roland trusted her the most, so she could not let him down. Even if Roland did not instruct her to do so specifically, she would protect Anna at all costs.</p>
    <p>In a sense, Anna was the savior of all the witches in the Witch Cooperation Association.</p>
    <p>She would never forgive herself if Anna died because of her selfishness.</p>
    <p>"The enemies are coming!"</p>
    <p>Leaf gave her a warning and Nightingale gathered herself. She was ready to outflank the enemies as soon as their direction was pointed out by Leaf.</p>
    <p>Her world of mist was commonly a desolate and dull place. Anything mundane and not related to magic power would become nothing more than twisted lines and changeable black and white blocks. This was her first time seeing so many colors, thanks to the demons.</p>
    <p>Beside the green forest, she could see a muted yellow arm from one of the Mad Demons and its inside emitting a shade of light blue. The other two demons should be the Fearsome Demons that Leaf had just mentioned. They had a stronger magical resonance and she could see many magic swirls inside their bodies, the one on their forehead was the most obvious.</p>
    <p>Another Senior Demon, which they needed to keep a particularly close eye on, was not among them. If their intelligence was correct, it should be monitoring everything from above the forest.</p>
    <p>Without a doubt, the Fearsome Demons, which would cause fear, should be the first to kill.</p>
    <p>And, it should be done before they opened their eyes.</p>
    <p>After the three demons passed through the ambush points, Nightingale held the gun with both hands and used her instant leap to travel more than ten meters in the twinkling of an eye. She pointed her gun at the back of the Fearsome Demon's head.</p>
    <p>It was so close to her that she did not even have to leave her Mist. As long as she had some luck, the gun barrel would not be split in half by the powerful magic.</p>
    <p>She immediately shot and for a moment, there was a thunderous roar.</p>
    <p>In the Mist, the Fearsome Demon's head abruptly puffed up, as if the unstoppable bullet had been shot from inside of its head and blown outward. Its brain exploded, spilling brain matter in all directions. Next, a hail of fog soared skyward—Nightingale noticed its red mist vessel was hidden directly inside its body.</p>
    <p>The other Fearsome Demon turned around quickly, and its bloody scar expanded across its face, trying to reveal its fearsome eyes. Suddenly several vines shot from the top of a tree, intertwining its head and pulling its head back before the eyes could be revealed. At this moment, a Mad Demon in the front turned around at the sound of the gunshot and ended up staring at the Fearsome Demon and could not help but tremble with fear.</p>
    <p>Nightingale shot the three remaining bullets into the Fearsome Demon which had been forcibly pulled back by Leaf. Meanwhile, Anna leaped from her hiding place in the tree and cut the beast into pieces with her black fire before the Mad Demon could recover itself from the fear.</p>
    <p>"Be careful!"</p>
    <p>Lightning, who had been enticing the enemies into the air, shouted.</p>
    <p>Nightingale looked up and found that a large sword was about to slash her.</p>
    <p>She instinctively tried to enter the Mist, but unexpectedly, her misty world was broken into pieces by the enemy who was wielding the sword.</p>
    <p>"What's this ability? It can break my magic power?" she thought.</p>
    <p>It was too late for her to escape. Suddenly a black curtain spread out above her head and withstood the sword's attack. Unlike an actual curtain, it seemed to have more of a mirror-like surface and she could even see her shocked expression reflected on its surface.</p>
    <p>This is... the Blackfire!</p>
    <p>"Bang!"</p>
    <p>The sword hit the Blackfire fiercely and Anna looked pained, her body shaking, but her Blackfire remained intact.</p>
    <p>Without any hesitation, this time, Nightingale caught Anna quickly and summoned the Mist again, escaping to a safe place over 20 meters away, instantly.</p>
    <p>Meanwhile, the armored demon also slowly fell towards the ground.</p>
    <p>The death of its partner did not seem to have any impact on it. The demon calmly lifted the large sword, engraved with a strange pattern, and suddenly the magic power surged toward the blade of the sword.</p>
    <p>The blade gave off a dazzling glow!</p>
  </body>
</html>
