<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1035: An Obscure and Wonderful Night</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Chapter 1035: An Obscure and Wonderful Night</p>
    <p>Translator: TransN Editor: TransN</p>
    <p>As a key figure of the Graycastle Weekly, Honey basically had informants everywhere. This combined with the advantages offered by Lorgar and Maggie. The olive forest in the castle backyard was like her headquarters and to escape from her detection was not easy.</p>
    <p>Yet that was not the whole story.</p>
    <p>Having the earliest access to interesting anecdotes in the city, she could always attract a large number of witches during gatherings. For instance, at the moment, the batch of witches that gathered around her was the biggest one in the hall.</p>
    <p>Besides Mystery Moon and the other members of her Detective Group, Nightingale, Wendy, and Scroll were not easily fooled. Even Leaf, who had not shown herself for quite some time, also seemed to be talking about something with Honey.</p>
    <p>"Conceal the secrets you know, and keep others from knowing them."</p>
    <p>Sylvie took a look at Anna at the other end of the Hall. Thinking of the words Anna had given her, she walked toward Anna unwillingly.</p>
    <p>"What do you think of these birds?" Leaf's voice went into Sylvie's ears. "They're the new species I found in the Misty Forest, not big, but fly very fast. They're so bold that they even dare to steal from a gray eagle nest. I figured that they might be helpful to you one day, so I took a nest of them back."</p>
    <p>Sylvie saw two big Kingfisher and one small one standing on Leaf's shoulders and rubbing her face intimately, which gave her a completely different impression as the brave birds Honey just described.</p>
    <p>"Sure, thank you." Honey took over the birds delightfully. "I haven't seen you for quite a while. I feel like you've become a qualified bird trainer."</p>
    <p>"They probably think of me as a part of the forest," Leaf said smilingly. "Then again, the changes that happened in the town really surprised me... not only are there more houses, there are also such novel things like magic film and newspaper. If it wasn't for the fact that exploring the deep forest is equally enjoyable, I would have envied you."</p>
    <p>"You should come back more often," Wendy said softly. "Everybody misses you."</p>
    <p>"I missed you too..." Leaf's eyelids lowered. "But nowadays only the southeast edges of the Misty Forest are under the control of the Heart of Jungle, I must stay integrated with the forest as long as possible so as to adapt to its ever-enlarging consciousness. To control the entire forest before the arrival of the war, I could do nothing but seize all the time I could..."</p>
    <p>"You've worked hard." Scroll stroked her hair tenderly. "I'll ask Lightning to send the newly published newspapers to you every week so that you'll know what's going on in Neverwinter at any time."</p>
    <p>"That is a wonderful idea," Mystery Moon shouted, "but what's written in the newspaper are things known to all. Compared to that, I prefer to know the secrets that are only known to a few." She then looked at Honey and said, "If you ever find something suspicious, please do tell the Detective Group. We have the most skillful detectives who'll ensure all your puzzles will be solved."</p>
    <p>Hearing the word 'secret', Sylvie's heart began to extremely tense up.</p>
    <p>Such a fool. She asked too directly! How can I divert the topic? No... It's too hard a task for me to avoid Nightingale and Wendy's attention and divert Mistry Moon at the same time!</p>
    <p>"Em, there are quite a few..." Honey said, tilting her head.</p>
    <p>"Oh?" Mistery Moon's eyes sparkled. She said hurriedly, "Such as?"</p>
    <p>"This is a big problem!" Sylvie felt a deep desperation. "Will it work if I pretend to faint or be drunk? But I'm not able to act that well... sorry Anna, I've tried my best."</p>
    <p>"Oh, although I'm also curious, I'm not going to tell it." Honey stuck out her tongue. "I especially can't tell His Majesty Roland—this is out of sister Wendy's request. She also said that no matter what anomaly I find, I need to report to her first."</p>
    <p>"Oh?" Mistry Moon looked at Wendy in surprise. "This isn't fair!"</p>
    <p>Wendy coughed twice. "I think this is for the good of the Witch Union—you'll be safer not knowing something."</p>
    <p>Sylvie let out a long sigh.</p>
    <p>Thus the latest crisis was averted.</p>
    <p>I've successfully kept the secret... haven't I?</p>
    <p>An anxious Sylvie had the toughest dinner party in her life.</p>
    <p>***************</p>
    <p>After the banquet, Roland returned to the bedroom with Anna.</p>
    <p>At the moment, this place had been as decorated as their wedding room. Under the flickering candlelight, Anna's figure in the wedding dress appeared dimmer, yet it exuded a particular sense of grace.</p>
    <p>Roland walked up, gently took down her bridal veil, lifted up her bang, and stared into her eyes.</p>
    <p>In the pair of eyes that were as clear as a lake, he saw rippling affection.</p>
    <p>"Say my name, ok?"</p>
    <p>"Anna?"</p>
    <p>"No." Her eyes blinked. "My full name."</p>
    <p>"Anna Wimbledon."</p>
    <p>"Once more."</p>
    <p>"Anna Wimbledon."</p>
    <p>"Can you call me that ten more times?"</p>
    <p>Roland gently smiled. "As many times as you want."</p>
    <p>After hearing Roland whispering in her ear, Anna lowered her head shyly. "My request... is it a little weird?"</p>
    <p>"A little." Roland poked at her nose. "You'll get tired of hearing this name in the future. You're my wife, with or without my family name."</p>
    <p>In the world he came from, marriage did not require one party of the couple to change family names, so he did not care much about the name change after marriage.</p>
    <p>"Even so, I feel I'm complete this way..." Anna pressed one hand on her chest. "I feel I'm no longer alone. That's probably the point of any ceremony... either wearing a crown or changing a title, people are just acquiring a self-identification through the attached external changes. Although emotions between two people need no verification through a ceremony, without this link, a couple might feel pitiful and regretful afterward."</p>
    <p>"..." Roland could not help but hold her in his arms.</p>
    <p>At this moment, any answer would have appeared redundant.</p>
    <p>After a little intimacy, Anna said, "Roland, can I ask for something?"</p>
    <p>If Roland remembered correctly, this was the first time that Anna ever asked something of him.</p>
    <p>"Sure, go ahead."</p>
    <p>"I want to take the post of the minister of the Department of Industry."</p>
    <p>Roland was a little surprised. "This isn't a problem, but why do you suddenly..."</p>
    <p>"Because I'm only a common girl born in a remote small town," Anna said smilingly. "Now I am suddenly the queen of Graycastle. I guess there must be many people feeling discontent."</p>
    <p>"Don't worry. Nobody dares to gossip about it," Roland consoled her.</p>
    <p>"If everything has to be quieted down by you, it would only add to people's suspicion." She shook her head. "I can't keep on hiding behind you and only indulge in things that I'm interested in. I want to do more, offering people no excuses to accuse me."</p>
    <p>"You've gone from being an unknown witch to becoming a figure taking charge of a whole department by yourself?" Roland smiled subconsciously. "I've never intended to keep you in that narrow backyard..."</p>
    <p>"As you wish, my dear."</p>
    <p>"Thank you for indulging my willfulness." Anna stood on her tiptoe and gently kissed Roland on his forehead. "Right, haven't you always been curious about what I talked with Nightingale that one night?"</p>
    <p>"Um..." Roland slightly paused. "I'll be lying if I say I wasn't, but..."</p>
    <p>"It's alright," she said smilingly. "It was an agreement, and I've fulfilled it. Now... carry me to bed."</p>
    <p>The candle was put out by a string of Blackfire. The curtain of the night covered their silhouettes like a thin veil.</p>
    <p>What an obscure and wonderful night.</p>
    <p>...</p>
  </body>
</html>
