<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1259 - A Battle in the Air</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h3>Chapter 1259: A Battle in the Air</h3>
    <p>Translator: Transn Editor: Transn</p>
    <p>In the roar of the machineries, the three planes of Team No. 1 took off in succession.</p>
    <p>“Who do you think will win?” Tilly asked.</p>
    <p>“… Well, do you want to make a bet? One bottle of Chaos Drink for the winner,” Sylvie asked hesitantly.</p>
    <p>“That’s fine. Just make a guess.”</p>
    <p>Slyvie looked profoundly relieved. “I bet on Team No. 2. They’re all from the First Army, right?”</p>
    <p>“That’s right,” Tilly said with a nod. “Camilla, what about you?”</p>
    <p>“I don’t really care, Your Highness,” Camilla Dary sighed. “Although these aircrafts look amazing, we need 30 aerial knights to fight 10 Devilbeasts. Even if we have twice the students we currently have, the result won’t change much. I don’t think you should put too much effort into it.”</p>
    <p>“It’s just the beginning,” Tilly replied smilingly. “When I first came to Neverwinter, there were only a handful of plants along the river. Now, these plants stretch all the way to the Shallow Port. Plus, the Devil beasts haven’t changed a bit compared to 400 years ago, but these artifacts have upgraded a lot of times over the past half a year. Who knows what they’ll become of in the future?”</p>
    <p>After a moment of silence, Camilla said, “You always have your reason, but you also have to take care of the Sleeping Spell. I’ve been here for too long.”</p>
    <p>“Sorry. I made you worry.”</p>
    <p>“No, Your Highness — ”</p>
    <p>“I know,” Tilly said sincerely. “You should have left Neverwinter after the war up in the north, but you stayed because of me. Thank you, Camilla. I’m OK now.”</p>
    <p>The two witches stared at each other for a few seconds, and then Camilla broke the silence and said with a nod, “I see. But I can’t manage the Sleeping Spell all by myself. Please pay them a visit when you’re available. Those witches are still waiting for you.”</p>
    <p>“… They still don’t want to come to Neverwinter?”</p>
    <p>“No. Some of them suffered too much, and they’re afraid to come.”</p>
    <p>Although only a few witches chose to stay, it indicated that their dark memories of the past still had a certain influence on them.</p>
    <p>Perhaps, they would never forget about this pain.</p>
    <p>“I’ll go back after we win the Battle of Divine Will,” Tilly confirmed.</p>
    <p>“What if we lose?”</p>
    <p>Just then, the planes of Team No.2 flitted across the runway.</p>
    <p>Tilly didn’t answer but simply gave Camilla a faint smile. “The battle has started… Come!”</p>
    <p>…</p>
    <p>“Hey, do you think Princess Tilly can really watch over the six planes at a time?”</p>
    <p>Finkin yelled. Air currents seared through the plane and whistled around his ears. He had to shout at the top of his lung to ensure that his words were heard. Because of the wind, the cabin was extremely noisy.</p>
    <p>“That’s Her Highness’ business!” Good hollered back as well. He noticed that four numbers out of the six had turned green, which meant that Team No. 2 was taking off.</p>
    <p>Since they were not allowed to hover above the academy, the three planes of Team No. 1 all flew toward the sea. Good could not see where the fourth, fifth and sixth planes were at the moment, but undoubtedly, their opponent must have figured out where they were heading. They certainly would not follow them immediately, as it took time to rise and accelerate. It was not advisable to reckless enter the territory of the planes that had taken off first and get shot.</p>
    <p>“I feel so nervous at the thought that Her Highness is watching me! If she knows how to take aims, she’ll look in the same direction as me. Doesn’t it mean that she’s right in my — ”</p>
    <p>At that precise moment, the plane plummeted.</p>
    <p>Finkin, who had been interrupted,bellowed, “What the heck are you doing? Can’t you fly better?”</p>
    <p>“I’m saving you, you idiot! If Her Highness can aim the target as well, she can also see you gossiping behind her. Then you’ll feel very lucky to work in the mine!”</p>
    <p>Finkin immediately shut up.</p>
    <p>Good surveyed the surroundings through the crack between the wing and the body of the plane. He could only see a distant black dot drifting along the horizon. The other plane on the team was completely out of sight. Apparently, everyone was acting on their own.</p>
    <p>Princess Tilly actually did not teach them how to fight in the air except for a few basic theories. He had to rely on his own judgement. Perhaps, even Princess Tilly did not know how to conduct an aerial battle, since this was entirely new, and they needed to start from scratch.</p>
    <p>As there were no rules, he could fly to a spacious area and wait for his enemy to make contact with him.</p>
    <p>After a moment of reflection, Good changed the direction and flew toward the Shallow Port.</p>
    <p>“Oi, where are you going?”</p>
    <p>“To the west. I’m going to fly round the plants!”</p>
    <p>“Fly around? Why not just wait for them here?”</p>
    <p>“Then we won’t be able to control the pace of the battle!” Good yelled as he made the turn. “Think! How are they going to fly?”</p>
    <p>Good did not care about the result, but he knew that the winner could fly longer.</p>
    <p>“How? They’ll rise and speed up, and then they’ll come after us!”</p>
    <p>That was right. As they did not know when the second team would be ready to launch an attack, they had to defend themselves and get prepared, just like soldiers at the front waiting for their enemies to charge.</p>
    <p>There was one way that could ensure him to get an advantageous position.</p>
    <p>That was to draw the opponent’s attention to the ocean.</p>
    <p>It was easy to spot the target running on an open field.</p>
    <p>However, things were different in the sky. He could run in all directions.</p>
    <p>“If they can’t see us but we can see them, then we can break the tie!” Good shouted. “You don’t think they’ve received less training than us, do you?”</p>
    <p>“Haha, I see!” Finkin said as he patted Good on the shoulder heartily. “I thought I was clever. I didn’t expect that you play even dirtier than me! But I like it. Let’s do it!”</p>
    <p>Good rolled his eyes. “Play dirty…” He was not sure if he should take it as a compliment. He thus started to descend while at the same time accelerating. The plane dropped behind the cliff, and its wheels brushed past the ships’ masts. The sailors on the ships all stared at the plane in astonishment.</p>
    <p>When the plane streaked past the Shallow Port, a loud wave of cheers broke over the dock.</p>
    <p>Those immigrants, however, all goggled at the sky, terrified. There was even a commotion when the refugees got off the ships.</p>
    <p>“Don’t fly too low, otherwise the police will make a complaint, and we’ll have to clean the bathroom for another month again!” Finkin reminded.</p>
    <p>“Don’t worry. I think that would do,” Good said as he slowly pulled the lever, and the plane gradually left the horizon and headed toward the industrial zone to the west of the airport. The industrial zone was enveloped by smoke all the year round, so their opponent was not likely to rise from there.</p>
    <p>“Hmm?” Tilly, who was watching through the Eye of Magic, exclaimed in surprise.</p>
    <p>“Did they… escape?” Sylvie asked since she also noticed something unusual.</p>
    <p>“They probably don’t want to wait any longer,” Tilly said with a faint smile playing upon her lips.</p>
    <p>Through the Magic Eye, Tilly could see everything clearly in the sky. The three biplanes of Team No. 2 had all taken off. Unlike Team No. 1, the students from the First Army did not fly to the sea to look for their opponent but continued to hover in the north before they headed to the south together.</p>
    <p>It took them a long time to assemble but the three planes all stayed close to each other.</p>
    <p>“Interesting,” Tilly muttered to herself. She did not teach the students how to fight in the air, nor did she remind them of the airspace and formations. In other words, they made their own decisions.</p>
    <p>Beyond a doubt, no matter who won today, she would have some useful information regarding air combat to add to the Flight Manual.</p>
    <p>“Just as I thought, they aren’t here,” Good said after he confirmed it was all clear. He pressed hard on the gas, and the plane crept up with an earsplitting roar. After the howl of the wind died down, he flew straight ahead toward the southeast.</p>
    <p>There was no landmark in the sky. Even if the second team spot them, they would think that the tiny black dot they saw was but an eagle.</p>
    <p>Plane No. 2 flew in a circle and returned to the Aerial Knight Academy.</p>
    <p>However, just at that moment, the three planes of Team No. 2 entered the territory above the Swirling Sea and dashed toward the target closest to them!</p>
  </body>
</html>
